In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas.	Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn't like to be damp overnight.	0.20
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.	A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.	4.25
Thai police use tear gas against protesters	Brazil leader breaks silence about protests	1
Police confirm how suspect was captured	Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film	2.2
A person is making a bed.	A person is eating at a table.	0.200
The missile exploded.	A rocket exploded.	3.200
Residents near Gaza instructed to stay near shelter	Best’s great day brings West Indies cheer	0
A man is playing a ukulele.	A man is sitting and playing a small guitar.	2.200
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.	A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.	3.20
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.	A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.	3.600
Zoo worker dies after tiger attack	Indian-origin teacher dies after attack in New Zealand	0.40
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.	The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.	3.750
A living room with a dining table in the background.	A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.	0
The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.	I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by "rules".	1.20
You should do it.	You should do what it says.	3
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.	3.600
A woman puts slabs of meat in a pan.	A man puts pieces of meat into a plastic bag.	2.400
The girl is riding the horse.	The girl is spraying the plants with water.	0.200
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.	Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.	3.8
The new Cold War	A new Cold War?	4.80
A woman is riding a horse.	A man is running on rope.	0.000
Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan	Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan	2.6
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.	The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.	3.444
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan	US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan	0.60
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002.	1.400
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	Blue couch in room with sun shining in.	2
a boy swinging on a swing.	The girl is on a swing.	2.40
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.	4.00
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.	4.000
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	2.000
Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'	Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow	1.20
The woman is holding the hands of the man.	The woman is checking the eyes of the man.	2.400000
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained. 	the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.	2.2
A man is dancing.	A man is eating bread.	0.800
A man is eating a food.	A man is eating a piece of bread.	3.400
A group of penguins is walking.	A large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean.	2.800
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.	2.750
Workers killed in India building collapse	76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse	3.00
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.	3.250
I have few suggestions for you:	I have two suggestions for you:	4
German ambassador's Athens residence shot at	Shots fired at German ambassador's residence in Athens	5
Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus	Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10	4
Egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed	Egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide	3
The black dog is running through the snow.	A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.	0.00
.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.	Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.	4.6
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.	a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.	0
A man plays the guitar and sings.	A man is singing and playing a guitar.	5.000
A cat reclines on an office chair.	A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.	3.8
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran. 	ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.	3.4
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.	His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.	3.600
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east. 	russia is a member of the nsg.	2.2
It really doesn't matter.	It doesn't matter unless it is really far off.	3
"But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."	"The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease," Manson said.	2.600
A little boy is playing a keyboard.	A boy is playing key board.	4.400
An old woman is shaking hand with a man.	A man and a woman shake hands.	3.750
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund. 	iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.	4
A bus drives down a busy road.	A green bus drives down a road.	3.2
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area	Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem	2.60
A band is playing on stage.	A woman is dancing on a stage.	1.200
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.	With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.	4.667
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.	2.200
A woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg.	A man pours gasoline.	0.000
A girl is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.	2.800
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	Ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis	4
Tokyo to host 2020 Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games	4.80
PSNI failed RUC officers, tribunal told	13:23 PSNI 'failed RUC officer families'	4
A monkey is playing drums.	A gorilla plays the drums.	2.800
Stocks rise in early trading	Stocks inch higher in early trading	4.40
Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder	Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder	3.8
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.	3.800
Algeria Mounts Military Operation to Rescue Al Qaeda Hostages	Algeria mulls international force for hostages	2.2
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line	5.00
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.	0.8
Two women are lost and calling for help.	Two Asian men are gathering materials for their business and their child had to come with them.	0.200000
A person holding a net is standing in the water.	A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.	0.60
More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.	I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.	4.4
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.	A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.	3.60
A girl is playing guitar.	A girl is playing a piano.	2.000
A woman is drinking vodka.	A woman is exercising.	0.400
Two robots kiss.	Two robots are kissing.	5.000
A woman is braiding her hair.	A man is riding a motorcycle.	0.000
You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional.	It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher.	0.80
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Fresh rain brings more flooding	3
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.	CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.	3.000
Dhawan smashes India to big win over South Africa	Dhawan ton sets up India Trophy win over South Africa	4.2
Romney leads rivals, not Obama, in fundraising	Romney: I left all management of Bain in 1999	0.8
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.	A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.	2.00
the meeting was 3 days long. 	the meetings lasted 2 days.	2.8
Batman and Robin fly a helicopter over water.	A helicopter flies over water.	2.600
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington. 	kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.	3.8
The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister	Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister	4.2
Senior CPC official meets top DPRK leader's special envoy	North Korean leader sends 'special envoy' to China	3
The lady peeled the potatoe.	A woman is peeling a potato.	4.750
Publisher acquitted in privacy case	PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality	0.4
US drone strike kills eight in Waziristan	US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan	2
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar.	A baby is playing a guitar.	2.800
Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus	Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey	0.8
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.	2.600
US military presence in East Asia	NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat	1.20
A man calling for a taxi at the airport on a sunny day.	A man is outside on a July day.	1.400000
Palestinians, Jordan coordinate stances on peace talks	Hamas senior denies Gaza, PA coordinated on peace talks	1.8
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.	Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.	2.500
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.	Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.	3.250
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan. 	the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.	3.8
ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.	ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.	2.4
Can you do this?	So, CAN you do this?	5
In the first case, I think you don't need it.	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	1
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.	Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.	2.750
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.	3.750
Oil falls in Asian trade	Oil prices down in Asian trade	5
Two children in a field of red flowers.	Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.	4.80
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases. 	indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.	3.6
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a keyboard.	1.800
Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown	Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown'	4.8
Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win	Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win	3.2
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.	2.250
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.	3.200
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.	Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.	1.500
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.	The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.	4.250
US senators penalize Pakistan for jailing doctor who aided CIA	US decries Pakistan doctor's fate	2.8
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	3.6
You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.	If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.	3.00
A woman is writing.	A woman is swimming.	0.500
A man is cutting up a potato.	A man is cutting up carrots.	2.375
My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.	My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this.	4.80
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said "we are pleased with the judge's decision."	"We are very pleased with the judge's decision," Merrill said yesterday.	4.400
A woman is reading.	A woman is kneading dough.	1.000
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.	4.20
Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire; stock takes a beating	Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner	4.6
Sail boat sailing on the water.	Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.	3.4
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	Black and white cows behind a fence.	2.8
Two girls are running.	Three boys are running.	2.200000
A smiling woman holding a small baby.	Two smiling women holding a baby.	3
A woman is slicing a onion.	A woman is cutting a potato.	1.200
claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?	slanted blogs And when did I do that?	2.6
Two dogs are running in a grassy field	Two dogs running through a grassy field.	5.00
A bicycle is parked by a shop.	A green bike parked outside a book store.	3.8
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.	3.250
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.	McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.	3.750
in  Foxe basin was frozen.	Foxe was mostly frozen.	4.2
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.	Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.	3.000
Dick was an idea guy and a people guy, not a science guy.	Most of Philip K Dick's works aren't hard Sci-Fi in the least.	1.40
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.	3.600
Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'	French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'	0.4
Obama jokes about himself at reporters' dinner	Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner	2.2
A black dog walking beside a pool.	A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.	5.00
tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?	tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear?	3
A man is smelling two pizzas.	A woman is feeding a man.	0.200
I think you need to reread what I wrote.	You need to reread what I wrote.	5
Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole for Russian GP	Lewis Hamilton wins inaugural Russian GP	4
If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying.	The above advice is quite good, just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country.	0.60
Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks	Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears	2.4
A woman is slipping in the water-tub.	A woman is lying in a raft.	0.800
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.	a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.	1.80
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.	0.944
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	Two men sailing in a small sailboat.	3
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law. 	afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan.	1.6
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990. 	the cfe treaty was established in 1990.	4.8
A person pours oil on a skillet.	A person is dicing an onion.	0.800
Dozens killed in Nigerian riots	Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes	1
A man is hitting a boy with flower vase.	A man is cutting a mat.	0.300
A cat is eating some corn.	A cat is eating corn on the cob.	4.250
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera.	2.4
Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week	UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point	3.00
Israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans	Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements	2.5
Motorists killed after Japanese tunnel collapses	Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo	1.8
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.	Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.	4.6
there is much concern over the drug. 	there is much work to be done.	0.4
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.	A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.	2.6
6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand	5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran	0.2
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.	On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.	2.750
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney names Ryan as running mate	5
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	3.750
"They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday.	"What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away.	4.000
A woman is playing a guitar and singing.	A woman is playing the guitar.	3.200
Sony reports record annual loss	Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn	3.6
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.	A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.	4
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.	But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.	2.600
A man pours rice into a pot.	A man is putting rice in a bowling pot.	4.200
Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election	Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt	1
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.	Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.	4.750
Armenians vote in parliamentary elections	Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president	3.2
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.	"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace.	4.000
South Africans mark ailing Mandela's 95th birthday	South Africa's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital	1.4
A dog is running in the snow.	Two dogs running in the dirt	2.20
A motorcross driver going by during a race	A race car driver performs in the race of his life.	3.000000
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site. 	u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.	4.2
A man walking down the stairs.	A man walks down a staircase.	5.000
A woman is adding sauce to some food.	A person is cutting leaves.	0.200
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.	US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.	3.250
"In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"	He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?	1.6
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.	A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.	1.00
A man and woman dance.	A man is petting a dog.	0.333
Gunmen 'kill 10 tourists' in Kashmir	Gunmen kill four in Kenya church attack	2.20
Egyptians to vote for new president	Somali MPs to elect new president	0.8
A train is on the railroad tracks.	A train on the train tracks.	4.8
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.	3.750
'Around 100 dead or injured' after China earthquake	Hundreds dead or injured in China quake	3.8
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Egypt's President	4.6
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.	1.600
I'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language(s) of your students.	As bikeboy389 said, you can learn a lot by looking at students' native languages.	2.80
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.	Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.	3.800
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.	Three dogs run through a field.	2.80
A woman doesn't have her arms up because she's paralyzed from the neck down	A woman is sitting on the steps because she tripped and hurt her ankle.	0.800000
Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them.	I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers.	0.60
Bangladesh Islamist execution upheld	Bangladesh executes opposition leader	3.4
Your schtick is getting stale.	Your misogyny is getting messy.	0.4
A woman holds a kangaroo.	A man in a hat sings a song.	0.000
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.	A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.	2.40
They're looking at each other!	Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!	2.8
Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue	Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'	2.8
A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.	0.8
I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.	The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites.	1.6
A tiger club is playing with a ball.	A person is chopping shrimp with a knife.	0.000
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.	The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.	4.800
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan	4
Libya: UN orders investigation into Libya rights abuses	India's top court orders investigation into job scam, deaths	0
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a trumpet.	1.714
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid	Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge	2.25
A man is running with a bus.	A man runs with a truck.	2.500
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	A woman plays with a brown dog.	2.33
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council. 	china is a permanent member of the un security	3
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have to know what you want to do.	0
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.	Two trains are traveling on the track.	3.4
A monkey is karate kicking a person.	A monkey pratices martial arts.	2.500
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.	4.000
Tell us what the charges were.	Yes what are his charges.	4
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps	Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps	2.40
Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship	Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire	1.6
China stocks open higher Wednesday	US stocks open higher despite GDP miss	0.8
Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.	A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.	3.6
A person plays a keyboard.	Someone is playing a keyboard.	5.000
santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism. 	uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.	3.6
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.	Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.	2.600
I've located an article that might be of some help: http://www.dsattorney.com/qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts/	I found some link that might be of help to you:	3
Queen visits Britain's new prince	Queen meets Britain's new baby prince	5.00
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.	3.400
Five charged with terrorism offences	Five People Charged With Terror Offences	4.80
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.	A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.	3.20
A person is frying.	A person is peeling a potato.	1.200
A girl is playing a violin.	A baby is laughing and giggling.	0.250
I don't think Paul has a shot.	Paul doesn't have a shot.	3.6
Israeli PM makes case on Iran to US voters	Israel blames Iran for attacks on its diplomats	1.2
Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China	Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga	3.40
Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address	Thousands protest gay marriage in France	1
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.	A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.	4
No radiation leak at Iran's nuclear plant	US Congress may throw wrench into Iran nuclear deal	0.8
Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy	Obama urges no new sanctions on Iran	1.00
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction. 	syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.	4
Red Cross workers released in Ukraine	Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria	0.80
"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.	The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.	3.600
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.	2.60
Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president	Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president	4.4
The man sat in his chair and stared.	The little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail.	0.000
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.	4.250
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.	He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.	3.750
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK	'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK	2.40
RF FM urges Syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in Syria	S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap	0.6
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack	Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack	3.40
A man is skating down a set of stairs.	The man is skiing down a snowy hill.	0.80
A man playing the guitar.	A man is playing a flute.	1.800
A girl is putting gel in her hair.	A woman is putting gel on her hair.	2.600
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan	2.80
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.	Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.	4.000
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.	A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.	2
A small boy is playing with a dog.	A baby is playing with a dog.	3.750
A dog is running through a pond	A pale dog is running along a dirt path.	1.40
vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws. 	vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.	5
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan	US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants	3.8
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	Chinese students attacked in France	0
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.	4.200
Two zebras are playing.	Zebras are socializing.	4.250
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.	Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue	3.80
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.	Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.	1.000
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.	3.500
A little girl and boy are reading books.	An older child is playing with a doll while gazing out the window.	0.200000
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.	1.000
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistani Taliban 'elect new chief', vow 'unprecedented' revenge	1.20
Israeli forces detain Palestinian MP in Hebron	Israeli forces detain 2 Palestinians in overnight arrest raids	3
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.	4.250
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.	5.000
Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets	All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set	1.2
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal	India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal	4.20
A kid is talking in class.	A girl is going to class.	1.800000
U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact	70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact	4.00
A young boy is holding a guitar.	A little boy is playing a guitar.	2.750
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election	Egyptians go to polls in historic election	4
it is a serious threat to international security. 	it presents a major threat to global security.	4.2
Ferrer cruises into Australian Open quarter-finals	Ferrer beats Nishikori to advance to Australian Open quarterfinals	3.6
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies	4
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.	3.250
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.	While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.	5.000
Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates	Second day of Egyptian presidential election	1.2
Syrian govt wont stop attacks	Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'	1
I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question.	Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system.	0.00
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.	0.00
A group of teenagers in red shirts are smiling.	A group of people are wearing orange shirts.	1.200000
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.	3.200
Thousands cross Austria-Hungary border	Thousands of Russians stranded abroad	1
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.	Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.	4
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.	"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."	3.250
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.	The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.	2.600
A woman is cutting an onion.	A man is cutting onions.	2.615
The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.	The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.	3.4
Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source	Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate	5
A sheep standing on a table at auction.	Woolly sheep at auction house.	4.2
I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first!	Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe, I'll try and be as succinct as possible.	1.80
The girl is slicing an onion.	A woman is chopping an onion into small pieces.	2.200
ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	British soldier shot dead in Afghan ‘insider attack’	4
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.	He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.	2.400
A person is combing a cat hair.	A person is brushing a cat.	4.400
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years.	3.000
The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from  to  years.	The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from  to .	2.2
Two killed in Bahrain car explosion	Two killed in Bahrain car blast	5
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.	The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.	5.000
Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station	Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan	0.00
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy. 	zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.	3.2
U.N. rights chief presses Egypt on Mursi detention	UN Rights Chief Presses Egypt on Morsi Detention	5
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	"The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	1.500
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.	A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.	1.40
9/11 defendants ignore judge at Guantanamo hearing	Sept. 11 defendants enrage families at hearing	1
Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race	Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race	4.25
A woman is cutting an apple.	A woman is cutting potato.	1.800
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests. 	the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.	3.6
A woman puts flour on a piece of meat.	A woman is putting flour onto some meat.	5.000
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.	Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.	4.750
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.	Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.	3.2
Myanmar’s Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	5
A girl is playing a flute.	A girl plays a wind instrument.	3.200
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12	Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo	2.00
Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic	Tsunami warning after Aceh quake	2.2
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.	A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.	3.200
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.	3.000
Shooting, protests mar Thai voting	Thai protesters disrupt advance voting	3.60
A man is eating food.	A man is eating something.	4.200
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.	Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.	3.800
Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.	5.00
A large pile of wooden items piled high.	A large pile of scrap wood.	3.8
Egypt votes on final day of presidential election	Polls open in France for presidential election	1
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	I guess it depends on the nature of your contract.	4
Nelson Mandela's real hero was not Gandhi, but Nehru	Nelson Mandela's health 'unstable'	1.4
Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation	Egypt: Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage	4.6
Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem	Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke	3.6
Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan	1.8
Egyptian president moves into Mubarak's old office	Egypt's President-Elect Morsi Starts to Form Government	2.33333333333333
The man is kissing and hugging the woman.	A man is hugging and kissing a woman.	5.000
Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to abdicate for son	Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands abdicates in favour of son	5
I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.	I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.	1.00
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders. 	withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.	3.4
A deer jumps a fence.	A deer jumping over a fence.	5.00
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185	Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144	3.60
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.	A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.	3.6
Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game	Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse	2.8
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.	A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.	0.4
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.	0.60
A small red car on top of a semi truck.	Red sports car on top of white semi truck.	4
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.	A man is standing in the rain.	0.400
Mali future interim president readies to take office	Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy	0
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.	5.00
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.	A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.	4.40
A woman is cutting a squash.	A woman is cutting big pepper.	2.200
Five killed in Belgian coach crash	Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash	3.8
A dog is looking into swimming pool.	A dog is walking around a pool.	2.000
A white cat standing on a carpet.	A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.	1.6
Palestinians 'hit' by Israeli fire in Gaza	Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza	2.8
no other drug has become as integral in decades. 	the drug has been around in other forms for years.	2
A man is petting a tied up dog.	A man is showing his dog to the camera.	1.000
A cat looking at the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	4
Could be a lot of things.	Could be a simple mistake.	2.2
Boeing airliner crashes in Russia, 50 killed	Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan, 50 killed	3.8
Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed	6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan	1.4
NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .	1
There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.	John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.	3.00
Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo	Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo	4.4
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.	3.000
At least 45 killed in Spain train crash	At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq's Diyala	1
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.	Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.	3.800
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.	Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.	4.250
A smiling woman holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	3.4
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1.200
I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.	Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.	3.4
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform. 	saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.	3.4
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.	Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.	4.250
A woman is cutting an onion.	A horse is standing.	0.000
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.	1.800
Pakistan court demands 'blasphemy' rampage answers	Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use	0.6
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.	a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.	0.8
A woman is playing the guitar.	A person is playing a guitar.	4.000
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.	A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.	0.00
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.	0.8
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.	The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.	3.600
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	3.250
A woman is playing an electric guitar.	A man is playing an acoustic guitar.	2.400
Senate confirms Obama nominee to key appeals court	Senate approves Obama nominee to key appeals court	5
Black and white dog running through water.	A tan and white dog runs through water.	3.00
Two men on the side of a barge	A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.	0.00
Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings	3.4
Critics say Putin’s security restrictions violate rights	Putin's security decree for Sochi draws ire of critics	3.2
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.	That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.	1.750
A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion.	The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning.	0.00
US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'	US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan	3.80
X'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus	Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo	0
Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base	Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church	0.8
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.	3.200
A panda is climbing.	A man is climbing a rope.	1.600
I am not aware of any university run participant pools.	At the universities I've worked in North America, human-subject studies (esp.	0.60
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.	1.333
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.	"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.	1.750
Two men are talking.	Two men are playing guitar.	1.500
Two men are dancing.	Two women are shopping.	0.400
A white and brown dog is running over grass.	A brown and white dog is running across the grass.	4.60
This is not a good idea.	But it is not a good idea.	5
Two animals sitting on a rock.	The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	0
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.	Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.	2.800
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii. 	jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its	4.2
A woman is dancing in a cage.	A woman is dancing.	3.250
A boy is playing a guitar.	A kid is playing a guitar.	3.600
A man is cutting a pipe with scissors.	A man is cutting carpet with a knife.	1.200
The gate is blue.	The gate is yellow.	1.600000
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.	3.800
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.	A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.	1
A man is folding paper.	A woman is slicing a pepper.	0.600
A person is slicing onions.	A person is peeling an onion.	2.600
a group of old men walking down the street	A couple walking down the street.	2.00
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country. 	spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.	2.8
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing	Russia, China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria (Reuters)	3.8
A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle.	A man is spreading butter on a tortilla.	0.000
A man is throwing knives at a tree.	A man is showing magic.	1.750
The man played his guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.	3.750
Three men are playing chess.	Two men are playing chess.	2.600
Chinese satellite spots large object in search area	Malaysia: Chinese satellite found object in ocean	3
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal	At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave	4.00
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.	Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.	3.000
Red grapes and blueberries boost immune system, scientists say	Red grapes, blueberries boost human immunity	4.2
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.	Two dogs play in the snow.	3.80
To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.	They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.	0.60
My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to?	The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed.	1.00
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	"I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage," Hubbard said.	3.600
How do you do that?	How to do that?	5
Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program	Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program	1.8
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74	Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer	4.20
3 killed, 4 injured in Los Angeles shootings	Five killed in Saudi Arabia shooting	0
Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China	Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China	3.8
First, we must consider that "Sphere" is less Hard SF and more soft SF, thriller, airport novel and such.	"Fins" on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes: solar panels or thermal radiators.	0.00
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.	2.40
China activist Chen lands in US	Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice	1.2
A woman is writing a letter.	A woman is sitting at a desk.	1.667
So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?	GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?	4.2
A brown dog is running through green grass.	A brown dog is running though a river.	2.40
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	4.2
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it, don't.	2
Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption	Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption	3.8
A man is demonstrating how to work with clay while at least two people observe.	At least one of the three women is talking to the others.	0.600000
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.	The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.	0.800
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers	Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers	4.60
Yes, you should mention your experience.	Yes, you should mention it.	3
Israeli teens missing in West Bank	Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank	2.80
The man stirred the sauce for the chicken.	The man is stirring oil.	2.400
Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original	Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM	1.2
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.	That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.	1.750
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	3.80
lets assume we have % white and % black.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	3.77777777777778
One woman is measuring another woman's ankle.	A woman measures another woman's ankle.	5.000
Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers	Militants attack UN as Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers	3
India accuses China of crossing de facto border	Senate, House on collision course on border money	0.60
france provides the rockets, guns and engines. 	britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.	1.8
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.	2.800
Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service	Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service	1.60
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.	A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.	0.6
Second teenager charged with murder	Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder	1.4
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.	3.250
South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North	North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South	1
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.	Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District.	2.200
Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt	Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners	3.6
North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part	North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park	0.80
Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire	Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire	4.80
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.	The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.	3.600
Yes, it's about dilution.	Er, that's not how dilution works.	1.8
A group of people are nervous about crossing the water.	A group of people are on the water.	2.200000
A large jet on the ground at the airport.	A large airplane parked at the airport at night.	3.6
A man plays the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.	5.000
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas	Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area	3.00
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.	But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.	4.000
A man is shooting a pistol.	A woman is chopping garlic.	0.800
The answer to both questions is: Yes.	To directly answer the two questions in your title.	0
Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent	Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	2
naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province. 	zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.	0.2
People sitting on the porch.	People sitting on acouch.	1.4
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	3
Two boys are talking on the phone.	A woman is talking on a telephone.	1.800
A man makes a call on a cell phone.	A man is making a phone call.	4.000
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.	Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.	4.000
Thanks Candy for starting the thread.	Candy - Thanks for starting us off today.	4.8
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.	Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.	3.600
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval	Obama mulls limited military action in Syria	2.00
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.	The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.	1.80
I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.	I am hoping he is into a second term of office.	4
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window.	A cat, perched on a table, looks out the window.	3.400
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.	3.200
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said.	4.400
A man is playing a piano.	A person is playing the piano.	4.400
Former Zambian president arrested	Zambia's ex-President Rupiah Banda arrested	4
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.	1.500
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.	Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.	3.400
China stocks close mixed Friday	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	2.6
Miami Heat wins NBA Finals	Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship	5
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.	5.000
The woman is peeling lemon.	The man is balancing on the wire.	0.400
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a trumpet.	1.714
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.	3.400
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.	4.400
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.	3.8
A man is slicing vegetables.	A woman is slicing a potato.	2.250
Black bird standing on concrete.	Blue bird standing on green grass.	1
Two men charged with terrorism offences	Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York	1.8
Avengers sets box office record	The Hunger Games breaks US box office record	1.2
Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball.	It is fairly simple to understand, somewhat harder to referee.	1.20
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	2.00
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers. 	the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.	3.8
Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding	Girl accused of burning Koran bailed	3.2
No update on Nelson Mandela's condition	Nelson Mandela's condition improves	2.20
Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike	Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks	2.8
Capital gains, top rate:  percent.	- Income, top rate:  percent.	2.8
Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally	Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey	1.6
Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!	. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!	1.6
A young girl running on the beach.	A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.	4.20
Someone typed on a keyboard.	Someone is typing.	4.500
A girl is playing a violin.	A girl is playing a flute.	2.600
Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban	Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban	4.2
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.	1.60
Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia's south	Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russia’s Volgograd	1.8
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack	Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission	1.6
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder	Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder	2.6
The cook is kneading the flour.	A woman is kneading tortilla dough.	2.600
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	This is a part answer to your question	0
pressing one does not "do" english.	Pressing one does send a tone.	1.8
A man shappens a knife.	A man carries a women.	0.500
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.	A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.	4.20
Some men are playing guitars.	Three men are playing guitars and singing together.	3.200
Deadly Blast Rocks Coal Mine in East Ukraine	12 Dead, Despite Cease-fire in East Ukraine	2
Two men are fistfighting in a ring.	Two men fistfight in a ring.	5.000
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary	Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising	4.60
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.	In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.	3.250
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.	A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.	0.00
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.	A white cat stands on the floor.	2.6
A dog is eating water melon.	A dog is eating a piece of watermelon.	4.250
South Africa police shot dead 30 miners	South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners	4.2
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons. 	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.	4.2
Polar bear DNA 'may help fight obesity'	Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity	4.80
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.	0.60
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.	3.800
A woman is bathing into bath-tub.	A woman is taking a bath.	4.400
Gray cat looking out the window.	A cat looking out of a window.	4
South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks	S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks	4.4
The woman is drinking lemonade and watching T.V.	The man is sitting drinking coffee.	0.400000
US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer	US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified	2
Where's Rusty? Red panda vanishes from National Zoo	Missing red panda returned safely to National Zoo	2
Women are holding each other and dancing together.	Two men are playing table tennis.	0.000
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have to decide how much you want to demand, and what unmet demands you can live with.	0
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	3.600
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.	3.800
Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil.	Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.	1.00
Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport	Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport	3.2
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.	A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.	3
Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses	Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win	3.8
P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child	Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother's Day parade shooting	0
Denver shooting: Police to detonate devices in suspect's home	Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect's home	4.6
There are two ways to start with: plunging and dripping.	There are two traditional ways to bend wood:	0
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	3.400
Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel	7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule	0.4
A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.	0.2
A woman is slicing a pepper.	A woman is cutting a red pepper.	3.938
A man is riding a bike.	A woman is dancing in the street.	0.200
Indian rape accused face verdicts	Indian rape accused found guilty	3.80
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.	Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.	2.250
4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack	Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack	3.60
Nigeria admits slow response in Ebola case	US ramps up response to Ebola crisis	1
Malawi confirms president's death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death	4
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	A brown and white dog runs across the grass.	4.80
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan. 	fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.	1.8
A boy is riding a horse.	A monkey is riding a bus.	0.400
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.	4.750
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines	Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines	5.00
Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy, some types might contain Listeria, which can cause serious problems.	As was mentioned, the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria.	3.20
A man stands in front of a train.	A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.	3.8
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests	Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle	1.80
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia	Mandela spends third day in hospital	0.00
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?	Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data	3.6
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.	A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.	3
France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence	France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence	4.40
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014. 	myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.	4.6
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.	A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.	3.4
A man riding a white horse in an arena.	A man riding a white horse.	4
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners	3.80
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.	5.000
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.	The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.	4.400
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts	Five dead in Indonesian eruption	3.00
Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.	Pro-life also refers to just "opposition to abortion".	3.8
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.	A black and white dog playing in the sand.	1.80
A white dog runs on a beach.	The white dog is running along the beach.	5.00
As an complement to the other answers, let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking.	The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense.	0.40
These are interesting studies, but the bottom line is: yes, environment affects cognitive abilities.	I'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity, but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think.	1.60
You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.	Saying "thanks, I don't have any questions at the moment."	0
A man and a woman are different yes.	Men and women are different yes?	3.4
Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan	Senior journalist killed in Pakistan	0.6
4 killed, several injured in SW China car accident	Two killed, seventeen injured in Raiwind road accident	0
A golden dog is running through the snow.	A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.	1.40
A boy is playing piano and singing.	A pig is agitating a lion.	0.000
Several swimmers jump into the water.	Swimmers are racing in a lake.	1.750
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.	4.250
'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS	Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS	4
PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.	LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows.	2.4
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.	The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.	3.000
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.	5.000
Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital	Scores 'killed' in Boko Haram raid in Nigeria	1.00
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.	A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.	3.8
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.	A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.	2.00
43 killed in bus crash	15 killed in crash in India	1.6
A man is cutting a potato.	A woman is cutting a tomato.	1.250
People ride and paddle a raft.	Four people are floating on a raft.	2.250
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	4.000
Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll	Romney takes lead over Obama with convention "bounce": Reuters/Ipsos poll	1
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".	"It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better."	3.000
Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say	Muslims torch Buddhist temples	3.6
A man takes a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and puts it on the lid after he closes the box.	The man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box.	2.750
Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.	If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.	3.6
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	3.8
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.	The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.	4.000
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit	Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria	0.80
One dead in US building collapse	Six killed in US building collapse	2.60
A man is playing the piano.	A woman is playing the violin.	1.000
North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles	North Korea launches short-range missiles	4
Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action	Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S.	2.2
JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing	Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn	3.00
I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.	Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote.	0.8
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment at record high in June	3
A gun is being fired.	A potato is being peeled.	0.500
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking. 	the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.	0.6
U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks	U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks	4
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.	Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1.400
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit	UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit and takes £600m charge	3
You are on the right path.	You're on the right path.	5
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions. 	80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.	3.8
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	3.400
A man shoots a basket.	A man is playing a guitar.	0.500
Two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs running in the dirt	3.60
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.	Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.	2.500
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.	Two white dogs are running together.	2.20
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.	4.000
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.	A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.	0.2
A girl is eating a cupcake.	A man is playing a trumpet.	0.000
A man is smoking.	The man sat in his suit and smoked.	4.000
wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges. 	wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.	4.8
Room with several computer monitors.	A room with four computer monitors in a row.	4
myanmar was formerly known as burma. 	myanmar was formerly called burma.	5
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.	The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.	3.250
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.	3
The one that has  walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.	The one that has three walks home and beats his wife.	1.4
World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116	Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116	4.80
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.	3.000
A woman is doing ballet.	A woman is riding on a horse.	1.000
A man is singing while playing the guitar.	A man is stuffing himself full with food.	0.500
The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling.	Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers.	1.80
How do you know what's right and wrong?	How do you know which story is the right one?	2.2
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers	Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria	2.40
Hagel laments "political" changes to US defence budget	Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending	2.4
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	"It's a huge black eye," Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.	3.600
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.	A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.	0.00
Then he is not omnipotent.	Then he is malevolent.	1.4
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.	A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.	1.60
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.	3.333
Here's a technique  I've developed without being aware of it: Multiple Browsers.	I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution.	0.00
You will want to clean the area first.	You will also want to remove the seeds.	0
The cows feed in the trough.	The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.	4
A small bird on a tiny branch.	A small bird perched on an icy branch.	3
Two women are on a couch.	Two women are hugging on a couch.	3.200
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.	A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.	2.4
Treasury proposal sees 1.5% increase in income tax	Treasury proposes 1.5% income tax raise in budget	4
Egypt protesters 'to be dispersed'	Abduction teacher to be sentenced	0
I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.	Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.	3.8
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.	A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.	0.60
A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife.	1.200
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.	TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.	3
US Senator McCain meets opposition leaders in Ukraine	SFG meeting reviews situation in Mali	0.2
Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land	Two year doping ban for Contador	0
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.	Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.	3.000
Three people racing on ice skates.	Three ice skaters round a corner.	3.20
The woman is slicing herbs.	The man is slicing bread.	1.600
If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	5
Israel confirms strike on Syria targeted weapons	Israel officials: Strike on Syria targeted weapons	5
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.	A man walking his cow down the side of the road.	0.80
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.	4.000
Juror: Sandusky appeared to accept his fate	Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse	1.6
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai	Bairstow hits ton in India tour match	1.8
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia	China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam	1.40
A pregnant woman is in labor	a woman has a child.	1.600000
Cone threw an  game.	Addie Joss Cone threw an  game.	4.2
AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance	AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion	5.00
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16	1.80
Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.2
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.	a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.	4.2
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	3
A man swims underwater.	A woman is swimming underwater.	2.000
India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2	2.60
Syria military police chief defects to opposition	Syria military police chief defects to rebels	5
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?	Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?	1.900
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.	MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.	3.250
US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border	No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says	2.60
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.	The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.	4.250
Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial	Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial	4.6
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	2.6
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.	A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.	0.80
A black train moves down the tracks.	A mostly black train on a track.	3
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is cleaning a glass door.	0.400
I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.	I said YOU had gotten soft.	1.2
A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting an onion.	4.200
Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties	Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank	1.4
How is this slanted against Bush??	Where is the slant against Bush?	4.4
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.	Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.	3.000
UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre	UN team investigates Syrian massacre	4
The woman is seasoning the oil.	A woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl.	1.400
I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours. 	I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours.	3
A monkey is karate kicking at someone's gloved hand.	A monkey pratices martial arts.	3.500
A man riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.	1.8
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.	A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.	3
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.	The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.	3.250
Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT	Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM	5
A man is on a rooftop	A man is holding a microphone in a room.	0.800000
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.	Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.	3.800
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems. 	according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.	3.2
The train sits at the train station.	The blue train is at the station.	4
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died	Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital	3.00
Almagor blasts Netanyahu over prisoner release	Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release	1.4
That's what I believe.	Yes, I believe it's a good idea.	2
Someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot.	A man puts vegetables into a pot.	2.800
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.	4.800
Shots, Explosions Heard as Thais Continue Protest in Bangkok	Gunshots, explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls	2.6
Not 'hiding the ball' on Russia: Obama	Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia	4.4
A train is at a train station.	A train parked at a train station.	4.2
Putin sworn in as Russian president	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years	4
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	A sheep stands on a hillside.	4
Man killed in French terror raid	Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'	4.8
One football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team.	A football player attempts a tackle.	4.600000
Two children splashing in the water.	Two dolphins jumping into the water.	1.40
Could this have been an enema?	@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?	4.6
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.	The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.	0.00
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	I guess it depends on what you're going to do.	3
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.	Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.	3.000
The rollerblades are moving.	Two vehicles are going towards the camera.	0.800000
There are a few possible reasons.	There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles.	3
A wet child enjoys the summer.	A woman is enjoying the summer weather.	1.800000
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.	4.60
March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.	Originally posted by Vitchilo March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.	4
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	China stocks close lower on Friday	2.5
Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution	Egypt holding key vote on constitution	2.40
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.	That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.	2.000
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.	4.000
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato. 	the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.	3
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.	A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.	0
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.	3.200
Two dogs running down a beach.	two dogs running on the beach	4.80
A woman is riding on a horse.	A man is shooting off guns.	0.000
Teenager tests negative for Ebola	Texas hospital worker tests positive for Ebola	1
A bird flies across the water.	A bird flies above the water.	4.80
Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge	Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge	3.2
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.	That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.	3.417
The covert war in Pakistan	New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan	0
Three women are dancing.	The man is dancing.	1.600
Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October	NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks	0
A boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence.	A BMX biker rides along the top of a fence.	3.000
House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan	US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan	1.40
Black and white dog running through water.	A black and white dog is running through grass.	2.60
In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support.	In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples.	0.60
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.	A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.	4.60
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.	The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.	4.333
Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc	Europe floods continue to create havoc	4.60
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks	2.6
A man is riding a horse.	A man is playing a keyboard.	0.200
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.	A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.	0.00
FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1	FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13	1.6
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program. 	france is a leader in the european space agency.	1.6
Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data	Asian markets lifted by positive US, China data	3.4
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china. 	physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china.	4.4
The user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an "obvious" efficiency tool, such as macros.	Instead of trying to force specific answers or method's on them.	0.80
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.	4.200
A cat is pouncing on a trampoline.	A man is slicing a tomato.	0.000
British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel	British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall	5.00
Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar	Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal	0.8
Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M	George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m	2.6
I have found there is no single best way to increase size.	There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.	2.60
Who abandoned 3 Boeing planes at the airport?	Police abandon posts in Lesotho, fear for lives	0
A yellow school bus parked in a field.	A brown horse in a green field.	0
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.	Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.	3.200
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty	UN closes in on landmark arms treaty	1.60
A woman is resting in a floating raft.	A woman relaxes in an inner tube.	3.800
A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed.	A dog in a red shirt is chasing a squirrel through the glass.	0.200000
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	2.00
Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites	Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by	4.4
A white dog is running through the water at a beach	A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.	4.60
A woman is running on the beach.	A dog is swimming in a pool.	0.000
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.	1.600
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.	2.800
A woman serving volleyballs over a net.	One woman hands volleyballs to another woman who serves them.	2.750
2 French Journalists Killed in Mali	Two French journalists killed in Mali	5
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.	2.750
Life-threatening Midwest storms feared	'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest	4.4
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?	Do you have anything to make it more compelling?	2.4
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.	A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.	4.40
Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis	Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis	1
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.	A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.	2.40
A man and a woman are smiling.	A man and a woman laughing.	3.20
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.	2.400
A boy is playing the piano.	A man is playing a piano.	3.000
Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash	Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash	3.4
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.	Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.	1.000
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.	A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.	4.2
No winners in a war of sanctions	The impact of sanctions on Russia	1
Man playing guitar while sitting down.	Red and white bus driving down road.	0
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair	5
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.	Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.	3.200
A woman is slicing mango.	A man is putting cheese on a tortilla.	0.600
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.	A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.	0.40
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.	1.60
Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital	Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa	0.2
Two white horses staring over a fence.	Two horses standing in a pen.	3
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus	Ryanair chief hails report findings	1.2
A flat screen TV on the floor.	A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.	5
Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures	Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures	0.8
Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house	4.2
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.	Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.	4.000
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.	3.500
Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas	Oh, little town of Bethlehem — for real	2
What makes India vote? Jaipur Lit Fest debates	What makes India vote? Debate at Jaipur Literature Festival	5
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.	"I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.	3.333
It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how long it's been out.	1
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.	A group of people are outside a decrepit building.	2.8
Kids playing ball in the park.	Two dogs playing by the shore.	0.60
"Bright but scatterbrained" becomes "treat with drugs".	"Opinionated and stubborn" becomes treat with drugs".	2.2
Swimmers are racing in a lake.	Women swimmers are diving in from the starting platform.	1.600
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.	The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.	2.750
Boko Haram disrupts Nigerian elections	Press awash with Nigeria\'s general elections	1
Apple shares hit hard on iPhone disappointment	Apple stock plunges 11% after earnings disappointment	3.2
Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?	Originally Posted by zaf I give up.	0.6
"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.	Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."	4.200
A panda bear is laying down.	A baby panda relaxes on some logs.	3.333
A man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife.	A man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife	4.400
A man is looking out of a window.	A woman is swimming in the water.	0.250
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.	A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.	0.20
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.	Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.	3.250
As others have mentioned, the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work.	I've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning.	3.60
The man and woman are resting on a couch.	A man and woman are asleep on the couch.	4.000000
The man rode his motorcycle down the highway.	A person is driving a motorcycle on a road.	3.750
The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.	I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home.	1.60
Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.	His "friends" say that he was confronted by his car.	2.4
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.	The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.	3.800
Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad	US waives riders for Pak aid	0
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.	Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.	3.750
A man is talking on the phone.	A man is talking.	3.200
"What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population..." @ThanosK and @T.E.D., an overall, general population estimation f.e.	The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History.	0.00
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	4.200
A boy is playing guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.	3.200
Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care	Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand	2.4
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati	Probe into motor insurance market	0.6
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump	Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona	3.80
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic. 	russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.	4
The men played follow the leader on the grass.	The rhino grazed on the grass.	1.000
Greece reaches agreement with troika, bailout tranche expected within days	Debt inspectors reach agreement with Greece	3
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.	0
It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.	I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the "you don't bug me, I won't bug you" category.	4.20
Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town	Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers	1.8
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.	Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.	3.800
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.	3.800
The murky waters of the South China Sea	Peace lies over the South China Sea	1.4
China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday	China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday	3.8
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.	Two dogs running on grass.	4.40
A man is playing the piano.	A woman is playing a guitar.	1.200
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.	Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.	4.200
A person is mixing water and flour.	A person is hitchhiking on a road.	0.800
Haiti is a shithole.	Haiti has been a shithole.	4.2
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.	There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.	0.2
Hamas Urges Hizbullah to Pull Fighters Out of Syria	Hamas calls on Hezbollah to pull forces out of Syria	5
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll	Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace	1.00
A cat is licking himself.	A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer.	0.000
A little boy hits a golf ball.	The little boy swung at the golf ball.	4.000
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester. 	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.	4.2
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.	A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.	1.00
I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags.	Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.	3.80
Someone drew on Washington's face on the dollar.	A person draws on a dollar bill.	3.400
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.	A bicycle in a dining room.	2.4
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.	You should listen to your boss, because you're not paid to tell the boss what to do.	2
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power. 	ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.	3.6
It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.	This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer.	0.00
Runners race around a track.	Runners compete in a race.	3.200
A woman is taking a picture.	A man is playing a guitar.	0.250
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	The white airplane is flying in the sky.	0
Captain of sunken South Korean ferry arrested	Captain of capsized S Korean Ferry Arrested	4
A man is playing guitar.	A boy is talking to a giant dog.	0.000
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.	A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.	0.40
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.	Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.	3.250
It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law.	1.1
If you haven't, you should.	You should, but you don't have to.	1
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	4.000
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel	4.00
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end," said Hit resident Abu Qasim.	"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."	3.200
Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use.	As @Sarge says, this is for a doctor to diagnose properly.	0.40
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan	2.2
The answers so far are already good, but I'd like to add a map for Switzerland:	You have a lot of answers already, but I'd like to add Curries as another solutions.	0
6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia	6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS	4.2
Chinese lunar rover lands on moon	China lands robot rover on moon	5
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.	1.00
South Korea declares end to MERS outbreak	North Korea Delegation Meets With South Korean Officials	0
Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.	Gotta love the EK factoid that "Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.	4.2
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.	A cruise ship docked at shore.	4.4
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.	0.00
The UK population is just over  million.	The Japanese population is nearly  million.	1
A cat standing on tree branches.	A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	3.6
Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather	Greece to vote on 2013 budget	3.6
A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	0.4
New Japan govt hints at joining Pacific trade pact: Report	Japan, US hold talks linked to regional trade pact	2.8
A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman is dancing in railway station.	2.000
GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows	mobile world congress future smartphone	0.00
Kids play soccer on a field.	Three boys playing soccer in a field	4.20
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.	Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.	3.200
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	Three men are practicing karate moves in a field.	1.250
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack	4
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.	2.6
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India	Swiss tourist gang-raped in India	5
Two boys are driving.	Two bays are dancing.	0.600
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.	He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.	3.600
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.	3.250
East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings	East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings	5
Palestinians, Israeli police clash at Jerusalem's al-Aqsa	Palestinian Shot by Israeli Police in East Jerusalem Dies	2
Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough.	Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.	3.20
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium. 	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.	2.6
A woman is filing her nails.	A man is peeling a carrot.	0.000
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.	3.200
Hard-line Jewish leader shot in Jerusalem	Israeli leader urges calm in Jerusalem	1
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.	A large boat pulling a small white boat.	0
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners	3.4
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.	A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.	2.000
Lance Armstrong drops fight against doping charges	Lance Armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges	4.8
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran	American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain	0.00
EU slaps sanctions on Assad family	EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs	3.4
A group of men playing brass instruments.	A group of guys play instruments outside.	3.40
Philippines holds second senator over corruption	Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon	1.40
Mali interim leader takes office	Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office	4.2
If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right.	If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left.	2.6
Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election	Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win	0
The problem is simpler than that.	The problem is simple.	3.8
the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection. 	the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.	1.8
Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'	Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites	4.5
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM	Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...	0.00
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.	Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.	4.000
13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks	16 killed in north Iraq attacks	1.8
Yvette Cooper backs gay marriage bill	White House backs gay marriage	2.6
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.	Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.	3.600
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	The tan and black dog is running across the grass.	3.40
US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital	US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rushed to hospital	5.00
'Whitey' Bulger given two consecutive life terms	Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering, killings	3.2
Amazon launches new device for streaming video	Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box	4.20
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.	The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.	0.80
Owners, others charged in Bangladesh factory fire	50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory	1.8
LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?	Is there a test to own a firearm in the US?	0.8
A woman is swimming.	A man is singing.	0.067
the soccer player kicked the ball side to side between his legs.	A person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet.	3.400
I am OK with MEDICAL use!	I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!	5
A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass.	A woman in a green shirt and white pants golfs on the green.	1.800000
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.	A black and white cat standing in front of a window.	2.4
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.	McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.	2.250
Spain approves new restrictive abortion law	Spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion	5
An airplane moves along a runway.	A plane is landing on a runway.	2.800
Forex &amp; Gold 6 March 2013	Forex & Gold 12 March 2013	2.6
A person is frying a meat in the pan.	A man is cutting a vegetable.	0.600
Regulation get the government into everything.	"Get the government into everything?"	2.4
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.	A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.	1.80
ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM	Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul	3.20
A man puts some cheese on a pizza.	A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza.	4.200
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.	The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.	4.800
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection	4.60
An explosion is booming in the desert.	A nuclear weapon explodes in a desert.	3.400
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.	In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.	3.000
Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'	Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds	5
A group of male construction workers repair railroad tracks on a cloudy day	A crew of workers working on a railroad track.	3.800000
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.	According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.	2.667
I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.	There's also FreakyAlarm for iOS, which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off.	0.80
The great thing about living here is there's space.	The bad thing is there's space.	1.8
It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law.	1.1
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to achieve.	3
a snowboarder jumps into the air.	A snowboarder flies through the air.	4.00
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.	A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.	0.60
6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan	1.2
A man is performing a stunt outdoors.	A young man on a beach is performing skateboard stunts.	2.800000
the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance. 	south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.	3.8
A cruise liner docked at a port.	A cruise ship docked at a coast.	3.2
Two dogs on the beach.	A dog walks on the beach.	2.40
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.	Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	2.647
A black hooded man is using a large magnifying glass to look at a booklet.	A white hooded woman is using a magnifying glass to look at a booklet.	2.800000
Pistorius officer dropped from case	Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges	2.2
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions	Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension	1.20
Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.	Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.	1.6
A man is getting inside a car.	An elderly man is getting into a red car.	3.750
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	A large black bird is sitting in the water.	3.2
Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower	Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower	0.8
Domestic cat looking out window.	A white cat looking out of a window.	3.6
While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign.	There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as "King" - because they aren't the King.	2.00
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim	2.80
Fern I think stories like this are stupid.	- wolf I think stories like this are stupid.	3.6
Venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions	Venezuela lawmakers brawl over election	5
lets assume we have % white and % black.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	3.77777777777778
Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc.	Sinhala, one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system.	0.80
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq	1.40
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades	Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades	3.40
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.	The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.	4.000
A cartoon woman dives into a pool.	A cartoon woman is diving off a board.	2.800
NA President‚Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day	Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day	2.20
A group of people are dancing.	Women are dancing outside.	3.000
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle	2.20
A person is driving a car.	A man is driving a car.	3.500
China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens	Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation	3.8
Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians Voting on New Constitution	5.00
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.	A passenger train waiting in a station.	4
Boy laying on couch with dog.	The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.	4.4
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18	3.00
Boat sails in rough water.	A man is kayaking in rough waters.	2.60
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.	1
regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations. 	the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.	3.6
There's also what the string is made of.	There is also a Youtube-Version of the film.	0
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.	The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.	1.400
EU extends sanctions against Russia	Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors	0.40
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3
Qatar's emir hands power to his son	Qatari emir hands power to son Tamim	4
A woman splits garlic cloves.	A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves.	4.600
A man holds on to a handle in the water.	A man is holding onto handles in the air.	3.20
The man is slicing the tape from the box.	A man is cutting open a box.	4.333
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.	Young couple sitting on a black couch.	0.8
What conviction where you talking about before?	What conviction would that be?	4.4
Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane: officials	Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane	4.2
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract. 	alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.	3.6
A girl is riding a horse.	The girl trotted the horse.	4.500
There is a young girl.	There is a young boy with the woman.	1.000000
DR Congo rebels kill park rangers	Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo	4
russia ratified the amended treaty. 	russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.	3.4
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.	A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.	4.00
A man is putting a knife in a vice.	A man is getting into a car in a garage.	0.800
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said.	2.400
A girl is coming up on a car.	A girl jumps on top of a car.	2.600
Stones add second Hyde Park concert	Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date	5.00
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	4.00
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.	3.750
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.	Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps	5.00
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza	Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza	4.80
Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory	Santorum wins Kansas caucuses	1
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years. 	neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.	1.8
The carriage is drawn by a horse.	A man riding on a bicycle by side of building.	0.400000
A person is on a baseball team.	A person is playing basketball on a team.	2.400000
Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô	Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria	0.00
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.	5.000
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll	Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents	3.8
A man is cutting a potato.	A man is slicing some potato.	4.400
Two dogs playing by the shore.	Two dogs playing in the snow.	2.80
Young couple sitting on a black couch.	Young couple sitting on couch.	4
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.	A child holds a yellow balloon.	4.00
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba. 	the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.	3
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information. 	grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.	0.8
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.	3.500
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.	4
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.	Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.	2.40
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.	3.500
White diamond breaks record in Hong Kong auction	White diamond fetches record $34m at HK auction	4
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.	4.600
Syrians trade blame over blasts	Israel braces for Arab protests	0.2
New sex claim hits Secret Service	New rules for US Secret Service	1.8
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.	3.200
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.	He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.	4.000
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured	Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured	4.2
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.	Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.	3.500
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.	4.200
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights I use lettuce too.	I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Hi Wiggies!	2.6
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.	A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.	0.40
Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike	Taliban commander killed in US drone strike	4.4
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.	Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.	4.000
A group of people playing soccer on a soccer field in front of a crowd.	A group of men playing soccer in a stadium full of people.	3.000000
Two buses parked on a street.	Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.	0.4
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.	The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.	3.750
Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep	Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case	0.6
They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in.	Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, or live in".	2.2
A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing the guitar.	1.000
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.	Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.	1.200
Small child playing with letter P	2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.	0.800000
A child with his hands on his head.	A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head	4.20
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks	Syria opposition pressed to attend talks	3.00
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.	A woman is playing a guitar on streets.	0.500
U.S., EU Widen Sanctions On Russia	U.S., EU Boost Sanctions On Russia	5
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial	Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial	1.40
Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah	Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview	4.2
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39	Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths	2.8
Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.	I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.	0.40
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.	4.40
Where in the world is Ron Paul?	Where in the world is the MEDIA??	0.8
A woman is applying eye liner to her eyelid using an eye pencil.	A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid.	3.800
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.	General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.	2.600
A man is talking on the phone.	A man is moon-walking across a store.	0.400
Floods kill two, forces 75,000 from Calgary homes	Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes	3.4
Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo	More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt	3.6
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.	4.400
Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals	Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time	3.6
As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet.	The main flaw with your definition of a "generalised planet" would be the boundary between stars and planets.	3.20
the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states. 	p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states.	3.6
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.	Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.	4
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.	Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.	3.500
8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt	Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt	3.4
Girls are holding hands in blue clothes	The young people are wearing jeans with their red and green shirts.	1.800000
Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad	Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad	4
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 	the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.	0
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours	Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce	2.60
A boy does a skateboard trick on the stairs downtown.	a boy is running on the sidewalk	0.600000
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing	A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.	0.40
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.	His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.	3.600
The man added vegetables to the broth in the pot.	A man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water.	3.400
A black and white dog is running on the beach.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.	1.80
UK Leader Signals Support for Airstrikes on IS in Syria	Why Cyprus backs Cameron's push for UK air strikes in Syria	1
A man holds a small animal in one hand.	A man shows off a small monkey.	1.750
People exploited the laws.	People bent the laws.	2.8
A man is drawing some figures.	A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.	3.333
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.	Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.	2.000
Paper is being cut with scissors.	A piece of paper is being cut.	4.000
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession	Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions	4
And I'm your friend Mitt.	Your good friend Mitt.	4
A man laying down and shooting a gun	A man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle.	3.800
A man is singing and playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.	3.600
Hagel, Dempsey face Congress over defense budget	Hagel laments "political" changes to US defence budget	4
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.	Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.	3.750
Ukrainian Prime Minister Azarov and entire government resign	Ukrainian officials barred from Canada as protests continue	1.2
Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage	New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage	2.2
Iran says nuclear talks to resume next month	Iran says capable of jamming foes' communication systems	0.6
A dog standing in the water.	A girl playing on a parachute.	0.40
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.	Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.	3.200
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.	Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.	4.2
The cat is licking a bottle.	A cat plays with a small bottle.	2.333
The people had awakened.	Because the people had awakened.	4.2
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar. 	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.	5
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.	2.8
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast	Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague	5.00
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast	4.8
A woman is mixing eggs in the bowl.	A man is doing push ups.	0.000
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial	2.00
Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji	Blitzbokke beaten by NZ	2
A person is peeling shrimp.	A man is peeling shrimp.	3.800
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.	A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.	0.00
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.	One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.	4.600
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security. 	it is a serious threat to international security.	1.8
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan	4.80
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.	4.000
A woman is mixing eggs.	The woman is eating.	0.500
A few points to add here: Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans.	In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans.	3.20
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.	Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.	0
One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan	British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan	3.2
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.	A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.	4.2
Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator	MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow	1.6
A man is playing a flute.	A dog is barking at a fly.	0.000
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".	3.000
So it's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.	Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.	2.80
The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion.	The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority.	4
India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements	India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers	3.80
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.	4.000
A woman is playing the flute.	A woman is slicing some tuna.	0.400
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.	3.400
A woman is mixing ingrediants.	A woman is mixing food in a bowl.	3.500
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.	0.00
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	4.200
A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A side view of a horse's head.	3.4
A child and two dogs play in the water.	A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.	2.20
It very much depends on the grant in question.	I think it depends very much on the area.	2
A person is peeling a potato.	A cat is licking a small bottle.	0.000
The man is slicing a potato.	A man is slicing potato.	5.000
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.	As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.	4.000
Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc.	Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper.	1.40
A woman dances on a stage.	A woman is dancing.	3.200
Two little girls talk on the telephone.	Two girls talk on the phone.	4.500
Prince William dons samurai gear on Japan tour	Prince William of Britain arrives in Beijing	2
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.	A man and a woman resting after exercise.	1.20
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	3.000
There are trains via Knin, which means a large detour inland (there just isn't a coastal line).	As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus.	0.60
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.	2.40
China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence	China's online population rises to 618 mln	0.40
Panda's play on a swing.	A man is playing guitar.	0.800
Someone is on a blanket.	The person is making a blanket.	1.400000
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.	The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.	0.00
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.	The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.	2.750
A dog lies on his back on a wooden floor.	A dog is laying on the floor.	4.000
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.	4.600
That is your problem, not your supervisor's.	Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem.	2
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.	Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.	2
A group of people are wearing police uniforms conducting an arrest.	A group of police officers are wearing protection.	2.800000
A man is lifting weights.	A woman is exercising her abs.	1.000
Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney	Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests	1.6
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.	3.400
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42	Toll from India building collapse hits 25	3.20
Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm	Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm	3.8
US authorities charge man in ricin probe	South African police arrest 50 in farm protest	0
Imran to contest from four NA seats	Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats	4.75
The woman is playing the flute.	A woman is playing a flute.	5.000
loose change started out as a work of fiction.	It finished as a work of fiction.	2.2
A train is running on the tracks.	A train is running down the track in a rural area.	4
A red train driving through a snow covered city.	The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.	3.2
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.	3.00
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon	KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon	4.40
the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya. 	the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering.	3
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.	The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.	3.000
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.	3.750
Mali due to vote for president	Mali Counts Votes After Presidential Runoff	2.2
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.	2.40
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos	2.8
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.	4
Thai protesters break into army headquarters	Thai protesters storm army headquarters	4.6
I have the same thing.	I had the same problem as you.	3
First, double-check the dog's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive.	First, you should realize that this is not you or your dog's problem.	1.60
India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours	Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'	3.80
World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks	World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks	3.80
I hope everything is ok!	I hope your LO is ok.	1.6
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.	The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.	3
A person is riding a motorcyle.	A person is chopping an onion.	0.400
7 soldiers killed, 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey	3 killed, 14 injured in attacks in Iraq	0.4
Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest	Palestinians' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic	0.4
The lady cracked an egg for the mixer.	The lady sliced up the meat.	1.154
A man in a white shirt and hat playing a guitar.	A man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage.	2.800000
Syria hands over bodies of journalists	Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists	1.4
Afghan legislators approve new election law	Afghan president approves new electon law	2.6
A man is cycling.	A boy is riding a bicycle.	2.500
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is stabbing a target.	1.200
Does this page answer your question?	Does this answer your questions?	4
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.	3.000
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.	A girl is playing on a swing.	0.40
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.	3.400
Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls	Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet	1.4
Nelson Mandela undergoes surgery	‘Nelson Mandela is recovering’	2.2
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.	Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.	2.750
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.	2.400
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	3.8
Foreign exchange rates in India	Foreign exchange rates in Singapore	1.40
China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday	1.60
Several ferrets climb out of their cage.	Ferrets climb down from a shelf.	2.200
A boy runs away from his fishing line.	A boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod.	3.000
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.	3.333
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.	Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.	4.000
The man talked on the telephone.	The man is talking on the phone.	3.600
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.	3.857
Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage	Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties	0
What the Papers Say, Mar. 12, 2013	What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013	1.8
A man is running across a high wire.	A man is running on rope.	3.000
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."	3.500
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.	3.2
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.	Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	0.4
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.	A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.	0.00
A black dog is running in the grass.	A boy running through green grass.	1.00
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.	Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.	3.000
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.	3.40
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues	Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers	1.20
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.	4.6
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China	Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief	0.40
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.	A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.	4.5
A tiger is playing with his trainer.	A tiger attacks a man.	1.333
Specifically a Baptist.	Specifically Gnostic.	1.2
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	3.250
A blue bird standing on a lawn.	Blue bird standing on green grass.	4.6
A black poodle plays in the snow.	A black poodle frolics in the snow.	5.00
The woman is putting paste into a dish.	A woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl.	1.500
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.	A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette	4.80
the tan dog is playing with the red dog out in the snow	A yellow dog is playing in the snow.	2.600000
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.	Point is: know what you want and don't be afraid to ask for it.	0
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing	More than 60 killed at Iraq funeral	0
the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years. 	the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	"We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place," he said.	3.500
If you're doing a full body workout 6 days a week, you absolutely need the rest week.	There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest.	2.60
Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan's Darfur	Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash	1.6
Funeral of Oscar Pistorius' girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp takes place	Oscar Pistorius 'shot Steenkamp in bathroom'	1.6
Egyptian court considers Mubarak’s release	Egypt court orders release of Mubarak	3.4
The end of the Hong Kong protests?	UK 'concern' over Hong Kong protests	2
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	"This proposal is modest compared with the space programme, and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it.	3.500
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.	Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.	2.500
A black dog is running through the snow.	A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.	2.20
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.	2.80
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	2.8
Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag	San Fermin bull-running festival starts	2.6
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."	3.800
There is a older man near a window.	A boy is near some stairs.	0.400000
Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%	Childcare 'costing £15,000 a year'	3
The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention.	I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question.	0.00
A helicopter is getting ready to take off.	The plane is getting ready to take off.	2.800000
A man is peeling a potato.	A man is hiking.	0.500
A  man is dancing.	A man is riding a horse.	0.800
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe. 	afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.	4.2
A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man is playing the guitar.	2.917
A woman holding a newspaper.	A man rollerblading on a metal bar.	0.00
Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport	Malaysia detains Australian lawmaker at airport	4
detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police. 	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.	3.25
Deal reached on new Italian government	Italy to swear in new coalition government	3.4
Dalmation running along the beach.	A Dalmation runs along a beach.	4.80
Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway	Apple app sends drivers to airport	3.6
Israeli military focuses on northern border	Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters	1.6
Norway marks anniversary of massacre	Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre	3.8
A woman is dancing with other women.	A woman is shredding chicken.	0.400
At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military	At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials	0.8
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.	The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.	3.909
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.	2.20
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.	5.00
The ballerina is dancing.	A man is dancing.	1.750
A group of people having a drink.	A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.	0
Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election	Bulgaria President Backs Protesters, Opposes Snap Elections	0.6
Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rates to record low	4.60
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.	A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.	0.00
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.	1.4
The assertion is false, at least as you've restated it here.	"I had mainly been" is fine, in the context you're using it.	0.60
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 27	Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19	3
A person is peeling shrimp.	A person is preparing shrimp.	3.600
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.	A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.	2.2
Maldives holds fresh election for president	Maldives holds fresh presidential election	4.6
Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.2
18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast	Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast	2.8
17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq	2 killed, 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon	0.6
US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan	US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree	4.2
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.	The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.	5
Mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked, five accused arrested	Mumbai journalist gang-rape case: All five accused arrested	4.8
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.	3.500
Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction	Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction	0.2
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	"I was in the water for about eight seconds.	2.200
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump.	A man wearing a white shirt and red and black shorts is running on the sidewalk.	1.800000
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.	0.00
French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders	Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices'	0.8
A plane is landing.	A animated airplane is landing.	2.800
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January	German factory orders rebound in January	0.80
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.	Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.	1.800
South Korean Workers Start Leaving Joint Factory Zone	South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone	3.8
UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent	Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says	2
First significant gas found offshore Kenya	Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya	0.8
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".	The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."	3.750
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.	2.8
Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured	Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait	3.4
EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal	EU ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal	4.4
"Gorgons don't exist" - fine.	"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.	2
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.	Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."	3.250
9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day	19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End	1.4
Children looking a sheep.	Child milking a cow outside.	0.6
Police attacked in Belfast flag protests	Politicians in flag violence talks	0.6
Pakistan executions draw international ire	Pakistan protests ceasefire violations by India	0
Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates	Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze	3.40
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.	In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.	5.000
the meetings lasted 2 days. 	the osce meeting lasted two days.	3.4
A person is frying meat in a pan.	A person is holding a skunk.	0.750
four children are playing on a trampoline.	Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.	4.60
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia	Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia	2.80
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce. 	spain currently holds the osce's presidency.	4.2
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program. 	the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.	3.2
The man is peeling an apple.	A man peels an apple.	5.000
A monkey pulls the tail of a dog.	A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo.	2.800
The girl is carrying a baby.	A man is eating a food.	0.000
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.	Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.	3.400
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.	Tan domestic cat under black tarp.	2
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.	3.750
A white bird flying up onto a tree.	A white cat laying on a sheet.	1.2
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.	Two dogs playing in a yard.	3.00
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.	In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.	3.000
You got it right.	You've got it right.	5
A man is erasing a chalk board.	A woman is dancing, and singing.	0.364
A man is climbing a rope.	A man climbs up a rope.	5.000
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.	4.2
9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche	6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche	2.4
Elephants are walking down a trail.	A herd of elephants are walking along a trail.	4.600
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.	4.000
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.	1
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.	A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.	4.2
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.	4.571
There's not a lot you can do about that.	There's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter.	2
The doctor was helping the patient.	Doctors are trying to revive a man.	2.800
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.	A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.	4.4
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean	0.40
A man is walking on a rope.	A man is riding a mo-pad.	0.400
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court	Boston bombing suspect buried	1.20
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet	Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search	3.20
Tell me exactly which system isn't working right now?	So which system isn't working for us?	4
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.	Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.	4.000
Students take a ride on airwaves	5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan	0
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.	Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.	1.333
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims	Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact	2.80
Black and white image of a wave crashing in the ocean.	a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background	0.600000
France to ban child beauty pageants	Facebook to test mobile payments service	0.40
A woman is water skiing.	A woman is slicing fish.	0.400
7 detained for 'house sister' scandal	China detains 7 for "house sister" scandal	4.2
amnesty international is a rights group based in london. 	the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.	1.4
Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard	Hurricane Sandy moves towards US	3.6
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah	Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail	1.00
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.	A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.	0.80
A woman is carrying a boy.	A woman is carrying her baby.	2.333
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.	5.000
Suicide bomb kills 4, injures 13 in Pakistan	Twitter blocks content in Pakistan	0.00
Syrian journalists killed in capital	US Marines killed in base attack	0.6
YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..	Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..	4.2
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe. 	russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.	3.8
Two women posing with a baby.	A woman poses with a baby.	2.2
Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union	Factbox: What to look for in Obama's State of the Union speech	2.2
Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment	Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking	3.4
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.	The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.	3.500
Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor	Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor	4.6
Greece suspends state broadcaster	Greece to close state broadcaster to save money	4.20
A couple are walking.	Some men are sawing.	0.000
Two people are riding a motorcycle.	Two people are riding a bike.	2.000
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	4.000
A young person  deep in thought.	A young man deep in thought.	4.600000
A woman rides a horse.	A woman is riding a horse.	5.000
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.	Red and white plane flying through the air.	4.2
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy	Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism	3.6
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.	0
A car backs out of a space.	A car is backing out of a blocked lane.	3.000
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.	Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.	4.60
A man with a gray beard is being shaved in front of a lecture hall	A man with a beard is sitting in the grass.	0.800000
N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch	N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch	4.2
Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings	Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao	3.2
Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb	Activists: Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus	3.6
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.	4.00
A field of black faced sheep.	A black faced sheep.	2.8
two young girls hug each other in the grass.	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground	4.60
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	3.2
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.	4.6
A man is driving a car.	A man is riding a horse.	1.200
The short answer is that yes, you can do this.	Speaking from my own experience, I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers.	0.00
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions	1.20
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.	After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.	1.600
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region	5.00
What are your goals?	What are you goals?	5
"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.	James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.	4.333
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.	2.80
A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is slicing lemons.	2.200
A doctor prescribes medicine to a patient.	A doctor prescribes a medicine.	4.400000
If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty.	If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty.	2.6
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.	3.600
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.	Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.	4.750
North Korea blocks Kaesong access	North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities	1
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government. 	the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama.	3.8
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.	"We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.	1.800
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces.	A person is slicing a garlic into pieces.	1.600
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.	0.800
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse	1.4
A man is riding a horse.	A man is driving a car.	1.400
Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics	Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero	4
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.	A man with a top hat riding a white horse.	5
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.	2.20
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.	4.400
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.	4.500
Someone is playing piano.	A person is playing a keyboard piano.	3.600
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."	Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."	3.250
A living room with a dining table in the background.	View of a living room with a dining room in the background.	4.2
Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?	Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?	4.8
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.	A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.	0
A cat is playing in a box.	The dog is playing with the floor cleaner.	1.400
A squirrel runs around in circles.	A squirrel is moving in circles.	4.400
Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government	Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict	2.2
A girl is talking to her dad on a cellphone.	a girl is talking on her phone.	4.400000
Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	1.80
Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones	Charges over dog attack on police	0
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors	Iran urges rapid release of diplomat	0.40
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.	A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.	0.00
Swiss vote on highest minimum wage	Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage	4.60
Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia	6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia	4.00
Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack	60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack	1.4
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.	2.2
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.	An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.	2.00
Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	40 still missing in Canadian train wreck	3.2
The animal is eating.	A woman is dancing.	0.000
"We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	3.750
The key thing to realize here is that it's not your job to make people do their work.	It really isn't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job.	1
My answer to your question is "Probably Not".	The answer to your question is not really.	4
Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms	Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms	2.6
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.	Two dogs are shaking water off.	0.40
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.	5.00
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.	1.000
Two blasts hit Syria capital	Two blasts rock Syrian capital	4.8
US government 'on the edge of shutdown'	Obama rejects GOP offer to ease shutdown	2.4
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	1
This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling.	The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic.	0.20
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries	Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies	5
Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations	Barclays hit by fresh US probe	4.4
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.	A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.	0
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.	2.400
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon	5.00
A girl dancing on a sandy beach.	A girl is on a sandy beach.	3.600000
Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears	Oil rises after Greek election result	1.4
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.	A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.	2.6
Some is grating onion into water.	A person grates a potato into a bowl.	1.500
i don't want a president who 'cares'.	don't want a president that is compassionate.	4.6
Except that it wasn't.	Except that they couldn't.	1
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown	Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation	0.40
Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud	Jesse Jackson Jr., Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud	4.6
UN Security Council hears Yemen envoy's final ...	UN Security Council urges Yemen's Houthis to end...	2
N. Korea Deports Elderly American	North Korea deports detained US war veteran	2
Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?	Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?	0
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	Over 120 dead in Pakistan factory blaze	0.6
A man and a woman is kissing each other.	A man and a woman are hugging and kissing each other.	3.400
I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).	I think you're looking for the movie	3
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Guide	Egypt bans Muslim Brotherhood group	2.2
Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial	Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading	1.4
Polls open in Russian presidential election	Polls close in Senegal's presidential election	1.4
Calls for more Egypt protests	Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49	1.4
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.	Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.	4.400
A skateboarder on a city street.	A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.	2.60
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe. 	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.	2.4
The dog is chasing the geese.	One dog is chasing the other.	1.600000
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	4
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.	As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.	3.400
A man is slicing a bun.	A man is slicing an onion.	2.400
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.	a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.	4.2
A man is erasing a chalk board.	The man is erasing the chalk board.	5.000
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.	Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.	2
I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.	Would he be better for American society?	1.6
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	2.600
Witnesses hear 'loud booms' at Boston Marathon	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon	3
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building	4.6
Two cows graze in a field.	A brown horse in a green field.	1.8
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident	N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident	4.40
A man is folding a piece of paper.	A man is slicing a plastic container with a sword.	0.500
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.	1.000
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.	4.600
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."	Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.	3.000
Parked white double decker bus.	A red and white double decker bus is parked.	4.2
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field	Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found	4.20
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old. 	the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.	1.8
Yes, absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot, actually.	Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed.	3.00
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	A blue jay standing in a grassy field.	0.6
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.	"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.	3.200
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.	Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.	3.176
The kids are at the theater watching a movie.	it is picture day for the boys	0.200000
A boy plays violin on stage.	A boy is onstage playing the violin.	4.250
Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'	US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings	3.4
A man is meditating.	The man is riding the horse.	0.750
The man is playing the guitar.	The cat cleaned his face with his paw.	0.000
A woman is frying something in the pan.	A man is playing his guitar.	0.000
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	2.200
Someone is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting onion.	3.800
"It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.	"It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," says one banker.	3.800
A man takes a slice of pizza.	A man talks on his cell phone.	0.800
In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate.	As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines.	2.80
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs run in the snow.	4.20
Driver in Spanish train crash faces questions from judge	Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge	5
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.	The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.	2.200
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee	A black and white dog jumping in a yard.	3.40
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.	4.000
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution	1.80
The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.	2
He had no intention of apprehending him.	- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him.	2.4
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.	5.00
You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?	You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert?	1.8
"The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.	4.750
Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean	Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote	0
Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91	John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91	4.6
Red Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 to Advance to World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series	4
A cat is playing with an antenna.	A boy is playing in the mud.	0.400
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.	3.400
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	A dog jumps into a backyard pool.	1.20
Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.	Out of touch and untrustworthy?	4.25
A man is playing guitar.	A cat is playing.	0.400
i don't want a president who 'cares'.	i don't want a president who is charasmatic.	1
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.	Three women in brightly colored dresses.	2.00
from the year prior.	warmed.C from the year prior.	3
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?	3
A dog in in a car.	A dog is biting a mop.	1.00
The head of a child with dark glasses is in focus.	There is a woman with a full head of hair.	0.200000
Swiss tourist 'gang-raped' in India	Swiss tourist gang raped in India, say police	5
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.	U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.	4.000
The man is trying to feed the snake with a mouse.	A man is working on his laptop.	0.800
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.	3.00
I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.	Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.	4
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Remember this is your degree we are talking about, its up to you what you want to do.	0
Our current vehicles will be in museums when everyone has their own aircraft.	The car needs to some work	0.200000
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	4.5
A  man is dancing.	A man and woman is dancing.	2.000
Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting	98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes	3.4
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.	2
A woman is hitting a man.	A man is holding a slow loris.	0.000
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq	Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15	3.00
The black dog is lying in the grass.	A black dog lies on the grass.	5
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.	2.800
Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign	Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign	1.40
A person is boiling noodles.	A woman is boiling noodles in water.	4.000
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.	A black swan flapping its wings on the water.	3
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers. 	the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.	3.8
The men are playing soccer.	A man is riding a motorcycle.	0.000
A woman cuts up some vegetables.	A woman is placing skewered food onto a cooker.	1.000
North Korea fires three short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles	3.80
A woman shoots a shotgun.	The woman is shooting a rifle.	2.800
A man is jumping into water.	A man is cutting paper.	0.800
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security. 	it presents a major threat to global security.	3.6
Meat is dropped into a pan.	A woman is putting meat in a pan.	3.250
South Korea reports seven new MERS cases	South Korean woman in contact with MERS patient dies	1
France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria	France urges EU to be united on Syria	2.60
What makes you think the owl didn't participate?	It doesn't say that it didn't participate.	1.6
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.	"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the Korean Energy Development Organization said.	4.000
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.	Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.	3.250
UK vote rejects military action	Britain rejects Syria military action	3.40
Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests	Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists	1.2
No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.	0.00
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.	The lady broke raw eggs into a bowl.	4.800
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.	A black dog is running quickly along the ground.	2.80
@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed.	@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig.	2.2
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.	A soccer player scores a goal.	3.800
50th anniversary of JFK's death remembered	On 50th anniversary of JFK death, Dallas holds its first memorial	4
A kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	A small child is drinking water from a cup.	0.800
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.	Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.	3.000
A woman riding a brown horse.	Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.	2.6
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.	3.333
U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons	UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons	2.8
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.	A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.	3.2
A monkey is walking through the water.	A guy is playing a trumpet.	0.000
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.	Train pulling into a station.	0
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.	A black dog runs fast into shallow water.	2.20
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.	A motorcycle parked next to a car.	3.6
South Africa train crash kills at least 19	South Africa train crash kills 26	3.6
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.	A man jumps while on a snowboard.	0.80
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	3.400
A man puts three pieces of meat into a pan.	A man is putting meat in a pan.	4.000
Blast on Indian train kills one	State: No funds for yeshiva that incites violence	0.00
You should put scientists on a pedestal.	Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal?	3.4
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	This gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in XXX.	2
myanmar is a military state. 	myanmar has a military junta.	3
From Broadway comedies like "The Seven Year Itch" (1952), "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"	Playwright George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?	2.000
A woman is water skiing on a lake.	A man is playing a flute.	0.000
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair	5
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes Nepal	6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia	1
The woman is thinly slicing a cucumber.	The woman is slicing a tomato.	1.200
A person folds a tortilla.	A man folds a tortilla.	3.500
A group wading across a witch	A group wading across a ditch	2.800000
Quotations in the News	Quotations of the day	3.20
I can't think of the specifics, but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago.	The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings, no matter what the agreed length is.	0.00
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog jumps over a hurdle.	0.80
As mentioned in the other comments, ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables.	I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.	0.00
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.	2.600
A black train moves down the tracks.	Black train idle on the tracks.	2.2
A young child rides a horse.	The little girl rode a horse.	3.200
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.	The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.	3.000
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days	Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days	1.80
Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $9.99 and it appears to cover them all.	Fast Picture Viewer is $9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 (I'm using it myself).	3.80
A woman is slicing garlics.	A woman is slicing an onion.	2.200
Aust stocks open lower	Tokyo stocks open lower	1.5
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.	1
A woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it.	A woman walks her dog onto astro turf.	0.400
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.	A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.	4.8
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial	Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.	5.00
A man is cutting a potato.	A woman plays an electric guitar.	0.083
The people are leaving the airplane.	The people are entering the plane.	2.200000
Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.	The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.	3.60
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	3.000
A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl	Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl	1.4
Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets	Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto	1.2
Birth Control Linked With Higher Glaucoma Risk	Contraceptive pill 'doubles glaucoma risk'	3.4
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.	0.600
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.	4.2
What isn't how what was sold?	It's not how it was sold, gb.	1.6
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.	Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.	3.2
A man at a farmers market.	A man is at a farmers market.	4.800000
it will be hosted by the australian government. 	the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.	0
Colorado Governor Visits School Shooting Victim	Colorado governor visits school shooting victim	5.00
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.	The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.	5.000
The girl has something on her head.	The woman has something with her.	2.600000
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .	0.8
Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack	Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital	3.8
Man who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer	Former plant chief who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer	3.4
Young baby girl sitting on table.	A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.	1.6
A man is running on a street.	A man plays the guitar.	0.800
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through.	3.500
Thai political protests paralyse more ministries	Thai protesters besiege more ministries	4.2
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.	Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.	3.800
I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't see why this could be a problem.	5
A woman is slicing ginger.	A person is holding two baby lorises.	0.000
I think it's just a habit.	I think it's a bad idea.	1
there were no weapons.	Of course there were no weapons.	4.6
"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	2.250
Japan revises GDP growth to annual 1.1 pct in Q3	Japan’s GDP growth downgraded to annual 1.1%	3.4
A man is slicing a potato into pieces.	A man is cutting a potato.	4.200
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.	4.500
A man is playing the trumpet.	Someone is playing with a toad.	0.800
Mandela's condition has 'improved'	Mandela's condition has 'worsened over past 48 hours'	1
Two black dogs playing in the snow.	A black dog digs in the snow.	3.40
The question needs to be asked.	It is a question that needs to be answered.	3.2
A toddler walks down a hallway.	A little girl is walking down a hallway.	3.600
Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership	Chinese president meets Indian vice president	1.80
Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters	Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie	1.8
A person is cutting some burrata cheese.	The person is slicing cheese.	3.800
A white bicycle stands on a floor.	Old style bicycle parked on floor.	3.4
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.	3.400
A woman is slicing some vegetables.	The woman is dicing garlic.	2.800
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.	A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.	3.80
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.	4.500
Venezuelan president to visit China	Senegalese president to visit China	1.80
Singapore stocks close 0.4% higher	Indian stocks open higher	1.8
Some cyclists stop near a sign.	Two men stop to talk near a sign outside.	3.400000
A woman is riding a horse on a beach.	A man is carrying another man on his back.	0.400
Markets Live: Waiting for China data	Markets Live: China drags	2
A person is peeling an onion.	A person is peeling an eggplant.	2.000
NATO traces path out of Afghanistan	NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition	3.2
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."	"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.	4.250
Two men are fighting.	Two men are fighting using a form of martial arts.	2.800
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.	2.8
A man pours liquid into a pan.	The chef poured oil in the pan.	2.600
Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants	Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid	3.20
"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.	Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.	3.000
One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza	Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	3.6
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.	The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.	3.000
I have the same thing.	I have the same problem.	4
Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns	'Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns'	1.4
Obama meets Mandela family as icon remains in hospital	Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital	2.8
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma	0.40
There are four snowboarders going off a jump and that are in the air.	Two racers are coming to a turn.	1.000000
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.	4.000
A soccer player is kicking the ball.	The soccer player gave the ball a high kick.	3.800000
Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police	Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City	0.80
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	"Our fundamental values haven't changed," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.	4.000
A red double decker bus on a city street.	A red double decker bus driving down a street.	4.8
Have you tried asking your employees?	Have you tried asking?	4
A man is talking on a cell phone.	A guy is talking into a microphone.	2.000
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians	Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators	1.80
North Korea says to put US citizen on trial	North Korea says detained American tourist to face trial	5
Thousands protest gay marriage	Thousands protest gay marriage in Paris	3.6
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998.	3.200
This is a problem that the professor has to deal with.	This is a big problem.	1
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.	4.40
Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis	Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis	3.4
Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile.	Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.	4.00
Russia, China Veto UN Resolution on Syria	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings	3.8
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.	Woman at table busy with something.	3.4
A pole is behind a person that is playing peekaboo with a child.	There is a child with a ball	0.200000
A man sharpens a pencil using a knife.	A woman is dancing in the rain.	0.000
A woman fires a shotgun.	A woman is shooting a gun.	3.200
A young man is playing the piano.	A woman is peeling a prawn.	0.000
Two women in a clothing store.	Two women in a sailboat.	0.8
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat	Google redesigns search results on PCs	1.00
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.2
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday	DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open	3
I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater.	By the wording of the question, I'm pretty sure you're using one of those pyramidal graters or a "sheet" grater.	1.40
A bird perched on a flowerpot.	Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.	4.2
A person drops a camera down an escelator.	A man tosses a bag down an escalator.	2.750
A guy on a white horse.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.	3.2
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient. 	soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.	4.6
A woman is dancing.	A woman is playing violin.	0.400
A woman and man are dancing in the rain.	A man and woman are dancing in rain.	5.000
A group of teenagers jumping and having a good time.	A group of kids having a good time.	3.600000
Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv	Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan	0.6
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.	a young girl wearing purple running through water	2.80
A computer on a desk.	A computer operating on a desk.	4
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue. 	russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.	2.6
Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan	At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight	0.8
There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives.	This is rich coming from a conservative.	1.4
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.	The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.	3.600
It's true that, under one understanding of "accessibility" and "determining", your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms.	Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you're working within.	3.80
Some men are skating on the road.	Two boys are skate boarding.	2.600
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.	The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.	1.000
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.	Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.	4.400
A man puts some cheese on a pizza.	The man sprinkled cheese on the pizza.	5.000
A man spins on a surf board.	A man is putting barbecue sauce on chicken.	0.000
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.	A small bird perched on an icy branch.	4.2
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.	The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.	4.250
Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers	Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers	4.6
The person is removing the scales from the fish.	A person is descaling a fish.	5.000
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage	Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip	0.00
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.	3.250
Man held after teen shot in Belfast	Man, 40, arrested after shooting	3.20
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.	Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.	3.400
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".	"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken," said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.	3.600
The two kids look at the products sold inside the subway shop.	The kids are stealing from a store.	0.800000
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.	Three cows grazing in a field.	4.6
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.	LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.	2.400
A man is riding a horse.	A woman is washing a freezer.	0.000
Police 'did not link' Savile claims	BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case	1.2
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.	A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.	4
Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits, not eating habits.	In my experience, babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry.	2.60
Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters	India: Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters	1.2
A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is riding a horse.	0.500
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.	"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement.	3.800
Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled.	I've got the same problem, where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens.	1.60
First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.	0.60
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.	3.750
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.	A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.	3.40
China stocks open flat Monday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday	1.4
Sail boat sailing on the water.	Sail boat floating on the blue water.	4.2
A group of people sitting around a desk.	A group of girls on a beach.	0.60
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	4
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder	George Zimmerman Verdict Propels Cable News Into Talkradio Mode	1
A man is riding an electric bicycle.	A man is riding a bicycle.	3.500
Two workers are sitting next to pipes eating lunch	The construction workers are sitting down to eat lunch.	3.800000
Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas	Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal	1
Cardinals enter Vatican for historic vote	Cardinals enter Sistine Chapel to elect pope	3.4
This is a great one... 	This is a difficult one.	1
When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used.	Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample.	2.60
There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy's election in 1960, one of the closest elections in History.	As per your original question: The  Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy's victory.	1.60
Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries	Libya closes borders, declares martial law in south	3.4
Two dogs in the snow	Two dogs play in the grass.	2.40
Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'	Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails	2
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.	Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.	3.250
Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties	Obama Secret Service agents sent home	0.4
The man is playing the guitar.	The girl is playing the guitar.	1.600
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.	3.600
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse	3.40
There are two things to consider:	A couple things to consider:	5
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard	Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea	4.00
They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.	The bottom line is that the video clip doesn't show a gas chamber.	4.6
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.	About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.	4.200
I agree with Seteropere completely, "Network Science" is a very broad subject.	I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.	0.00
A tiger trys to climb the wall.	A lion is trying to climb up over a wall.	3.000
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.	4.600
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.	A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.	2.40
A baby is crawling happily.	A cat is walking on hardwood floor.	0.100
A person is stirring rice.	A woman is cracking an egg.	1.000
Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision	0.00
Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding	Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut	3
A baby tiger is playing with a ball.	A baby is playing with a doll.	1.600
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.	A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.	3.80
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.	3.250
A soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field.	A soccer player kicks the ball into the goal.	3.250
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.	1.2
A woman holding a small baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.	4
A man is talking on a phone.	A man is singing to a woman.	0.250
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China	Fire destroys Tibetan town in China	4.40
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."	"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.	3.200
A man is coming out into the water.	A man rises from a swamp.	3.200
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1.333
Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport	3.6
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.	1.000
A couple is playing the game of Life.	The family is playing a game together.	2.600000
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.	A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.	3.6
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.	A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.	4.250
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.	Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.	3.800
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.	4
A person is riding a jetski in the waves.	A woman is riding a seadoo.	2.000
A woman is dancing.	A woman is exercising.	1.000
Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.	Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes.	1
As I wrote above, it's hard to rate this wall.	Unlike others, I think the route is pretty well described.	0.20
Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill	Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions	2.2
Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.	Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics.	1.4
An airplane is flying in the air.	A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky.	3.400
US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks	'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'	1.6
Turkey scrambles jets near border	Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border	3.6
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.	Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.	3.000
People are waiting for the fireworks to start.	Three people are waiting for the rain to stop.	1.200000
A man is running.	A man is mooing.	1.000
China mine accident kills 10	China truck accident kills 20	1.6
Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break, murder, says prosecution	Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break	3
An empty office cubicle.	An empty office chair in a cubicle.	3
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	3.400
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru	Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars	0.40
A woman is doing a joker make up on a man.	The girl applied face makeup to a man.	1.800
A dog and cat laying down together.	Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.	0.60
Children jumping on a trampoline.	A man is sledding on an orange slide.	0.00
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.	3.200
Friends walk into a building	a man walks along walkway to the store	0.400000
There are a few things I think you should do.	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.	4
The man sang on stage into the microphone.	A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.	3.500
this further aggravated the situation. 	north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.	2
You answered your own question.	You have answered your own question.	5
If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.	If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected.	4.8
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	A black swan flapping its wings on the water.	3.6
Older woman holding newborn baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	3.4
A large jet on the ground at the airport.	A passenger jet flies through the air.	1.8
Hollande wins French presidential election	East Timor votes in presidential election	1.6
North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korean intrigue: The execution of power	2.60
Russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in Ukraine	Russia warns it will 'respond' if interests in Ukraine attacked	5
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.	A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.	0.00
Kenya Supreme Court upholds election result	Kenya SC upholds election result	5
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.	2.500
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	3.4
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.	Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.	3.000
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	2.800
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.	Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.	4.60
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	A black dog standing in a room being constructed.	3.2
Two women mix something in a food processor.	Two women make something in a blender.	4.000
US drone strike kills 8 militants	US drone strike kills four in NWA: officials	2.2
A girl is eating a cupcake.	A man is slicing a cucumber.	0.000
A woman is reading a lifestyle magazine.	A woman is slicing a meat into pieces.	0.500
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.	4.400
Leaving aside heath care angle, you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn't save lives.	Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama's healthcare law will save lives.	1.60
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province	3.20
Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?	We were talking about women as war bounty were we not?	1.4
A woman is cracking eggs.	A man is talking to a woman.	0.000
A woman is chopping up garlic.	The woman is dicing garlic.	4.800
Generations divided over gay marriage	G20 Summit ends divided over Syria	0
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.	She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.	3.500
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.	2.600
PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'	David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour	0.2
House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure	Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill	3.8
A baby eats his food.	A baby is being fed peas.	3.000
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands	Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'	3.00
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction	US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action	0.20
The lady made some slices on the shrimp.	A chef is slicing a shrimp.	2.800
I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.	God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.	5
A man is slicing something.	A man is slicing a bun.	3.000
A woman is exercising.	A man is dancing.	0.250
Colorado shooting suspect was in therapy	Lawyers: Colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill	4.2
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.	Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.	4.750
Syria peace plan conditions “unacceptable,” opposition says	Syria peace dashed as deadline passes	2
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.	A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.	2.4
A woman is feeding a man.	A woman is mixing meat.	1.000
The man played haki sak in the office.	The man is seasoning the vegetables.	0.400
Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana	Romney wins Florida Republican primary	1.6
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.	Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.	2.000
@Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive.	@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive.	4.2
Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce	Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce	1.4
In addition to oil, make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking.	I'd been using paper towels to oil the grill, and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better.	1.60
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.	A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.	3.80
Woman dies while riding roller coaster in Texas	Woman dies riding roller coaster at Texas amusement park	4
A dog swims in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.	3.20
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.	She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.	3.000
Three cows grazing in a field.	Several sheep grazing in the field.	0.8
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.	A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.	3.6
Mandela remembered by family, as stadium memorial service is planned	Mandela's family thanks nation and world for support	1
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.	3.8
To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs.	Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself, I feel your discomfort.	1.20
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.	3.600
American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract	Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat	0
If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid, then you will not need a transit visa.	You do not need a transit visa, but to enter Zurich you will need a visa.	2
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.	The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.	3.250
For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.	Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it.	0.40
The lady cracked an egg into a bowl.	The man is cracking eggs into a bowl.	2.600
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking. 	capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.	3.2
At least Mexico had a presence in California.	Mexico has ZERO claim to California.	1.2
"It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games," Thomas said.	"We're in the Stanley Cup finals, and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games.	3.200
A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand.	A person is slicing carrots in half.	0.333
Egypt's Brotherhood stands ground after killings	Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi	2.4
Toulouse siege: Police surround flat of 'Islamic warrior' suspected of being serial killer	Toulouse shooting: France was on the highest level of security of security alert	1.8
Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.	Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers).	0.00
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.	In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.	3.769
If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.	Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence.	2.4
Someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.	A man drills a hole in a piece of wood.	3.200
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.	His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.	3.400
UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies	4.00
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?	No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.	2
Boy lies on stomach in grass.	Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.	4.40
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch.	2.6
Three men are doing same dance in the street.	Three shirtless men are dancing in the street.	3.800
Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis	Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis	1
Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states	Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states	3.6
All 224 dead in Russian airliner mystery crash	Heat flash detected at time of Russian airliner crash	2
A girl riding a brown horse.	The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.	2.2
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).	The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.	3.500
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.	2.800
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.	The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.	0.8
A man is screwing wood to a wall.	A man is giving a woman a massage.	0.200
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.	4.500
The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish, but too acidic can definitely kill them.	The info you've been given in the previous answers is good.	0.00
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.	Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.	3.750
President Mills must quit - Lecturer	President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany	2.6
A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is slicing a tomato.	1.200
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.	A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.	0
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.	A woman is tapping her fingers.	4.000
It makes absolutely NO difference.	No, it makes no difference.	5
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."	We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.	3.500
A woman is peeling a potato.	A man is slicing potato.	2.400
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government. 	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.	1.2
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.	A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.	0
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants	Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents	5.00
A woman is picking tomatoes.	A woman is pouring batter into a bowl.	1.000
Messi nets 300th, 301st goals in Barcelona win	Football: Messi hits 300th Barcelona goal in comeback win	3.4
I've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows.	In Linux I use Bibble, which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT.	0.80
A cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan.	A cat is swinging on a fan.	4.200
A girl makes up her bed.	A young girl makes her bed.	4.400
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.	Two people riding their bikes on a hill.	3.40
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.	1.750
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.	1.400
The man was pushed into the water.	A man pushes another man into the ocean.	2.500
A man is standing in front of the window and looking outside.	A man is staring out the window.	3.800
David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.	@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.	4.8
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.	5.000
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.	2
A man is playing guitar.	A woman is slicing up some pork.	0.000
Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem	Israel bars German author Grass over poem	4.4
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said.	3.200
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.	Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.	3.000
The man is playing a guitar.	A baby is playing a guitar.	1.800
Ankara protesters clash with police	Peru protesters clash with police	1.80
Israeli Leader Puts Off Evicting Settlers From Hebron House	Israeli army orders settlers out of Hebron house	1.6
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.	3.000
Air strike kills one man in Syria's Hama	US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan	2.80
A woman is riding a horse.	A man rides a horse.	2.800
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge	Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge	3.80
A cat is walking around a house.	A woman is peeling potato.	0.000
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you.	2
Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests	Brazil leader promises reform vote	1.6
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.	A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.	3.600
Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.	Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.	4
Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power	Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power	2.6
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting	4.2
A woman is adding an egg and stirring.	A woman is mixing an egg in a bowl.	3.500
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics	7 Things to Know About Ethanol	0.00
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections. 	the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.	1
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time	Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program	2.40
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community. 	abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.	1.2
Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic	Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic	4
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.	4
You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated.	You are making this too complicated.	5
Sculptor applying concrete to large statue of human figure standing with no head.	A person is standing in front of a building holding aloft some plywood	0.200000
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution	Egyptians vote on constitution change	4
Israel 'bombs' Syria as envoy presses peace talks bid	Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks	2.20
The people are lifting bags.	Several people are carrying large bags.	3.750
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	The white ducks are standing on the ground.	0.6
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	A group of horses grazing in a field.	4.6
Egypt presidential election May 23-24	US presidential election 2012	0.6
A car is parking.	A cat is playing.	0.000
Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel	Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack	0.20
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter	Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter	5.00
Iranian president makes debut on world stage	Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken	0.60
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4	China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24	2.2
A woman is slicing a leek.	A woman is slicing ginger.	2.200
Three dogs are running in a field.	Two dogs are running in a grassy field	2.80
A man is reading an email.	A person opening a banana.	0.000
A man is dancing.	A man is singing.	1.250
The woman is smoking.	The man is walking.	0.200
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.	Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.	3.750
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.	But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.	4.800
Obama holds out over Syria strikes	UK urges countries over Syria aid	1
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash	Ten killed in Alaska plane crash	1.40
A big green ball knocks a potato over.	A large green ball hits a potato.	4.000
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church	Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan	0.75
sheep standing in afield.	A sheep grazing in a field.	3.2
Taiwan's president charters plane to pay respects to Lee	Poland president loses to challenger	0
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon	1.4
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.	0
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.	2.600
In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope	Egyptian Christians choose new pope	3.2
I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there are any benefits.	3
Two people are walking through some water.	Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.	1.20
A man and a woman are walking in the woods.	A man and woman are walking through the jungle.	3.400
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	0.4
abuja is the capital of 	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.	0.8
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower," Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.	3.000
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.	A sheep standing near her children.	1.4
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.	In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.	3.750
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, December 6, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, July 12, 2013	1.8
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair	4.6
A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is rowing a boat.	0.800
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village	Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan	1.20
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.	Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.	3.250
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.	3.250
This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument.	I concur with @T.E.D; the question is a "no True Scotsman" bar bet.	3.80
A young girl going down a tube slide.	A young girl swinging off a tire swing	1.80
The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."	The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation."	3.200
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded	3.6
A squirrel is spinning around in circles.	A squirrel runs around in circles.	4.000
If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle.	Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.	2.80
Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...	Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...	3.00
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.	A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.	3
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.	A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.	0.00
Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.	Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.	2.2
Obama Struggles to Soothe Saudi Fears As Iran Talks Resume	Myanmar Struggles to Finalize Voter Lists for Sunday Polls	0
Someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart.	Someone is cutting a piece of meat.	2.333
but okay, ultimate sovereignty?	Thus, ultimate sovereignty.	2.2
A man playing the guitar.	A woman is painting her lips.	0.000
Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.	4.40
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.	A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.	3.40
Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test	South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test	1.2
2 pro-Palestinian activists arrested at B-G Airport	Dozens of 'flytilla' activists protest at Paris airport	2.2
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building	3.2
Two women sitting outside laughing.	Two women standing outside of a bus.	2.4
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.	The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.	3.200
A man is carrying a canoe with a dog.	A dog is carrying a man in a canoe.	1.800000
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.	A grey dog standing in a grassy field.	3.2
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	Person in grassy field tending to sheep.	1.2
A puppy plays with a plastic container.	The dog is playing with a plastic container.	3.800
So you know, I do not have personal experience with this.	Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e.	0.20
A woman is feeding a baby.	A man is adding water to pan.	0.000
Iran Moderate Wins Presidency by a Large Margin	Iran threatens to trigger oil price war	0.4
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.	A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.	3.800
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.	The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.	3.600
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.	The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.	3.6
You don't have to know.	You have no need to do anything.	2
Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace	Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest	2.2
The argument was "Albert Einstein didn't go to college".	OMG, "Einstein didn't go to college."	4.2
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.	District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.	2.800
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.	A motorcycle parked next to a car.	4.4
I've had this same problem.	I had this problem before.	4
How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'	Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller	4.4
The entire thing just makes no sense.	See that makes no sense.	4.2
Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start	Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start	4.4
Two brown dogs running together on sand	Two brown dogs are running on the sand.	4.60
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief. 	mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.	4.8
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	4.40
Two men pushed carts through the woods.	Two men are pushing carts.	3.500
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.	2.800
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens	0.00
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	4.000
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured	Police confirm how suspect was captured	2.40
Funny, I thought the same thing about some math.	And here I thought I knew me some math.	2.2
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.	World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.	4.000
Texas sues over Syrian refugees	Turkey 'exploits' Syrian refugees	1
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.	Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.	2.600
Wave of bombings kills 15 in Iraq	Car bombs kill at least 49 in Iraq	2.2
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.	The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	3.000
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China	2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan	0.60
Narendra Modi 'photoshopped' image of Chennai floods visit goes viral	PM Narendra Modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality	0
A woman is cutting scallions.	A woman falls on a sand castle.	0.000
A woman is frying ground meat.	A man is cutting a trunk with an axe.	0.500
The two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.	4.40
Zipf’s law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability.	As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation.	2.80
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".	3.000
A boy is at school taking a test.	The boy is taking a test at school.	5.000000
A man is shooting a gun.	A man is spitting.	0.000
I use Elinchrom Skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards.	Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602, which give you a lot of bang for the buck.	1.20
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit	Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan	3.00
Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'	Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'	5.00
You have too much regulation, not too little.	You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little.	3.8
Two dogs in a yard.	Two dogs in a stream.	2.00
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel	Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool	4
Southwest jet hit nose first	Southwest Jet's Nose Gear Landed First	3.60
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.	4.600
A woman opens a window.	A man is crawling.	0.000
Two skiing people are doing cross country skiing.	People skiing cross country.	3.600000
If you can get over the "ick factor," you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand.	The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent, by weight, of Nitrogen, P2O5 and K2O, respectively.	2.00
Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims	GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1	0.00
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	A double decker bus on a city street.	4.2
5 killed in S China road cave-in	02:41 156 killed in China earthquake	1.20
A skunk is looking here and there.	A skunk looks at the camera.	2.400
Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police	Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others	4
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.	3.600
A man performs on a stage.	A man guts a fish.	0.400
Yes, there is a chemical difference.	Yes, there is a reason for it.	0
Mauritanian president shot by army unit	Mauritanian president shot at	3.8
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.	1.20
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.	3.80
A small bird eating from the feeder.	Bird eating from a bird feeder.	4.25
A hockey player looks intently downward.	A hockey player during a game.	2.00
A dog is trying to get bacon off his back.	A dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back.	3.750
Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.	According to Frederick Herzberg's two-factor theory of motivation, intrinsic rewards are motivators (e.g.	2.60
23 killed in Iraq car bombings	10 killed in Iraq bomb attack	1.6
And a large part of the east coast.	And parts of the west coast.	0.8
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.	The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.	2.800
The child's bike got wet.	She is putting away the bike.	1.200000
a man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat.	A man wearing a straw hat and fishing vest in a stream.	2.600000
Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre	Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre	2.6
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.	He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.	3.800
"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.	He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.	3.800
A man and a woman are kissing.	A man and woman kiss.	5.000
Someone is slicing a cucumber.	A man is slicing a cucumber.	3.800
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.	Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	2.400
US makes case for action against Syria	Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria	2.40
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli	2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon	2.00
Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal	US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age	2.60
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.	On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.	2.000
Nylon dries fast, is resistant to ripping and tearing, and fairly breathable.	Nylon, among other synthetics, is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons.	2.80
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.	O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.	3.600
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.	Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.	0.17
Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years	Hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches	5
Russian warplanes strike inside Syria	Russian roulette in Syria	2
There is no freedom of religion.	There is no freedom of speech.	1.2
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.	Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.	1.667
A close-up of a brown horse.	A close-up of a horse.	4
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution	Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution	4.80
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.	3.250
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.	In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.	3.231
Russia's Putin claims authority to invade Ukraine	Kremlin: Putin yet to decide on using Russian troops in Ukraine	2
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.	Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.	1.500
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.	Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.	0.80
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.	5.000
Little white lamb with nose to wood.	A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.	3.8
Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.	Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq	2
At CPAC, Mitt Romney Stresses Conservative Credentials	CPAC 2012: Mitt Romney Struggles to Connect with Conservative Base	3.2
A woman is exercising.	A woman lifts weights.	3.400
Internet, phone service restored in Syrian capital	Internet service resumes in Syria	4.2
A woman is bungee jumping.	A girl is bungee jumping.	4.200000
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.	3.400
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	Protests continue in Brazil	1.6
A turtle is swimming in water.	A turtle is walking underwater.	3.200
A woman mixes up vegetables.	A woman is adding ingredients to a skillet.	1.600
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.	Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.	4.500
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.	The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.	3.333
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.	1.00
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.	However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.	4.250
South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried	South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela	2.8
A man reels in a fish.	A woman is pouring oil in a bowl.	0.000
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."	A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."	3.000
Two people are sailing a small boat.	Two women in a sailboat.	3.8
NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border	Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border	3.2
A man shooting a car.	A man is cutting a potato.	0.400
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said.	4.200
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .	Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.	4.000
The man lifted barbells.	A man lifts weights.	4.000
in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence. 	in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence.	3.6
The jury is not told about juror nullification.	The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification.	1.6
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.	2.250
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.	It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."	3.200
Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy	Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy, 27 dead	3.80
A shirtless woman is operating a lawn mower.	A girl is mowing the grass with a lawn mower.	3.000000
US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons	US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	4.60
A man sitting in a cluttered room.	A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.	3.2
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.	Two people are on a golf course playing golf.	5.00
hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer. 	hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.	5
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.	OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.	2.800
Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?	**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?	4.4
A woman is cooking shrimp.	A woman is dancing.	0.800
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking. 	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.	0.8
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama. 	tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.	2.6
Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier	Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman	1.6
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.	Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.	0
You can do it, too.	Yes, you can do it.	5
two big brown dogs running through the snow.	A brown dog running through the grass.	2.00
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%	Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%	2.80
N Korea postpones family reunions	North Korea postpones war-torn family unions	3.8
A woman is taking a bath.	A woman is riding a horse.	0.538
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts. 	in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.	4.8
Four dogs stand in the snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.	3.60
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim	Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign	3.6
Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday	Singapore shares open lower on Monday	2.20
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank.	1.60
China launches probe and rover to moon	China launches first moon rover mission	4.00
Actor Gazzara dead at 81	Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81	4.4
There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.	The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas (e.g.	2.80
Ramblin' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	2.4
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	A red double decker bus driving down a street.	2.2
Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect	Hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban'	4.2
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.	An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.	3.8
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You have to know what you want to do.	4
A girl is eating a cupcake.	A woman is eating a cupcake.	2.600
The bird is taking a bath under the faucet.	A bird is bathing in a sink.	4.429
A lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl.	A woman is stirring meat in a bowl.	4.000
US Attorney General Holder resigns	Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign	5
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.	3.2
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	My recommendation is not to say anything, and do the best you can.	0
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.	A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.	1.00
Capital gains, top rate:  percent.	Income tax, top rate:  percent.	2.4
Syrian forces launch new attacks	Syria forces launch Aleppo attack	3.4
It's pretty much up to you.	It is up to you.	5
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.	Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.	2.4
A man is praying.	A man is running.	0.727
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	3.600
Turkey president appeals for calm	Texas house provisionally approves abortion law	0.00
A boy is crawling into a dog house.	A boy is playing a wooden flute.	0.750
The dog is barking at the toy.	A dog is barking at an electronic toy duck.	3.500
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	4.750
people getting their dirty clothes cleaned	People are getting their clothes cleaned.	5.000000
NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan	1.60
The man played his guitar.	A guy is singing while playing his guitar.	3.000
"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.	"It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.	4.200
Ebola UK: NHS staff 'panicked' after suspected Ebola cases	UK says investigating 2 suspected MERS cases	0
This is not a good idea.	This sound like a very bad idea.	4
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.	3.200
A monkey is swinging from limb to limb.	A monkey is swinging from tree to tree.	3.400
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	2.8
The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.	Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.	1.60
Thai protests escalate amid violence	Thai protesters call general strike	3
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day	5
Three bottles are on a table.	Old green bottle sitting on a table.	2.4
China sets Bo Xilai trial date	China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day	3.20
Murder claim over Diana's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered 	Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information.	3.5
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.	3.600
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold.	2
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia. 	the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.	3
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?	3
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation. 	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.	3.6
If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system.	Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system?	0.60
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs run in the snow.	1.40
Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians	Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks	0.8
His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.	His position is the way it is currently.	1
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance	4.2
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	Six dogs walking beside the beach.	3.40
Thousands protest gay marriage	Thousands protest gay marriage in France	3.2
Depressed woman sitting on couch.	Older woman holding newborn baby.	0
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.	4.800
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.	3.250
Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers	Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station	2
Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting	Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout	5
Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks	Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death	1.8
Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison	Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison	0.4
A woman is playing a game with a man.	A man is playing piano.	0.600
Iran earthquake death toll rises	Algeria hostage death toll rises	0.6
Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing	German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling	0
Proverbs  John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.	John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.	4.6
Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast	Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast	1.4
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building	Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.	0.40
A man is staring at a leaf.	A man is slicing a vegetable.	0.800
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak	1.20
A toy train is striking a toy car.	A toy train strikes a toy car.	5.000
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.	"Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.	3.800
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.	3.800
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	180 killed in Iran earthquake	0
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.	4.750
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.	A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.	0.20
Oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution	Okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution	3
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments	Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal	0.20
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.	The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.	3.400
A dog taking a poop in the street.	A man making balloon animals for two children on a street corner.	0.400000
A person wipes butter on a tray.	A person is buttering a tray.	4.250
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.	The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.	3.400
The man is playing the guitar.	The man played his guitar.	3.667
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.	At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.	1.250
Yes, but it does not stay in the same constellation.	Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky.	1.40
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.	The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.	1.600
Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place?	2.4
China to resume US investment talks	China and Taiwan hold historic talks	0.8
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the drums.	1.556
NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack	NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	3
A woman is slicing an onion.	A women slicing lemons.	1.400
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order	2.6
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	Three dogs are running on the grass.	3.20
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.	A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.	3.6
China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution	War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution	3.6
A man drove his car.	A man is driving a car.	4.250
I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.	Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?	0.40
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness.	0
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.	A black and white cat playing with a blanket.	0
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.	Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.	3.600
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe. 	the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.	4
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.	0.8
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.	3.000
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.	2.000
BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2	BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter	5.00
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress	Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress	3.80
Freight train derails, catches fire in Columbus, Ohio	Freight train derailment, explosion prompts evacuation	2.8
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.	Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.	0.60
A target is being hit with gun fire.	The target was being shot with bullets.	4.214
The San Francisco plane crash at a glance	Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash	1.2
Singapore shares open 0.83% higher on Wednesday	Singapore shares open 0.06% lower on Tuesday	1
the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites. 	the international atomic energy agency is based in	1.2
In Pakistan, army adamant on fighting the other Taliban	Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban	4.8
man on steps	A man sits on steps.	4.000000
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'	Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped	1.60
lugar and nunn are senators. 	lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.	1.8
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.	Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.	1.00
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.	3.200
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.	1.250
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.	A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.	3.8
F1 protests in Bahrain	A day of rage in Bahrain	2.25
Journalists hail London Olympics opening	Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener	1
Three young women standing in a room together.	Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.	3.4
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election	0
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.	"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives."	2.750
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.	A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.	1.2
Ashya's Parents Arrive For Extradition Hearing	Ashya King's parents freed from jail in Spain	1
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs. 	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.	3.6
A sheep beside a road and a lake.	A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.	3
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism	Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US	5.00
Biden calls for trust in US-China relations	Biden calls for trust in building ‘new relationship’ with China	4.6
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.	A skateboarder riding up to a slope.	2.20
US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels	Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons	1.80
You are not disclosing key info.	No you are not.	2
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.	2.500
A man is playing a violin.	The baby is laughing and crawling.	0.000
Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan	At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan	0
The rhino grazed on the grass.	A rhino is grazing in a field.	4.000
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.	3.600
Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013	Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics	1.6
A group of people are marching in place.	A group of people are dancing in concert.	1.700
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.	3.500
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.	4.400
A moped in front of ruins.	White bus parked in grass in front of building.	0.6
A man is kicking oots of water.	A woman is slicing a red pepper.	0.250
China stocks close higher after economic meeting	China stocks close higher on Wednesday	3.4
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.	A girl riding a brown horse.	2.6
Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo	Heavy fighting reported in Damascus	1.4
N. Korea agrees to talks with South	Johor crowns its fifth Sultan	0
'Trayvon could have been me'	Trayvon Martin could have been ...	2.80
What conviction would that be?	What conviction where you talking about before?	4.4
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.	Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.	3.2
Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections	Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections	1.4
Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting	Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba	1.5
It means its AN option.	Doesnt mean its a BAD option.	1.6
Red double decker bus driving down street.	A double decker bus on a city street.	3.6
A close-up view of a horse's head.	A close-up of a brown horse's head.	4.2
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.	Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.	3.600
Several kids jump up and down on a trampoline.	A man is doing back flips on a trampoline.	1.500
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.	The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."	3.400
Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians: police	Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen	2.6
Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material	Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy'	3.8
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.	The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.	0.40
Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites	Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites	4.2
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.	3.00
Tan cows look closely at the camera.	A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.	0.75
My parents have told me it is bad for you.	officers have told me its bad for you.	2
Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!	Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.	1.2
Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that?	I have two suspicions: One, you're undercooking your roux, the flour and butter mixture, and not fully incorporating the flour.	0.60
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	3.750
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar and singing.	3.200
A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman dances in the rain out side.	5.000
A man plays an acoustic guitar.	A woman and dog are walking together.	0.000
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan	Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	1.6
Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am	BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over	4.60
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch.	A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it's back.	3.200
A woman is cooking something.	A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan.	3.200
Two airplanes in the sky.	A plane in the sky.	2.4
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	4.600
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan	Gunmen kill 3 policemen in Iraq	0.4
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.	4.600
Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout	Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout	2.2
God definately does not exist.	God probably does not exist.	2.6
15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch	46 dead in Iraq attack blitz	1.40
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	1.8
I had the same problem as you.	I had the same issue.	4
A man with glasses is talking.	A man in a library is talking.	3.250
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	Many sheep standing on a green hill.	0.2
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry	Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation	3.60
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.	AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.	4.091
Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed	Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback	3.2
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.	A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.	3.80
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike	Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster	0.5
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd	1.80
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years	Manchester City win English Premier League title	3.80
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference	4.80
If so, state that is why they're not true.	Please, what about them are not true.	3.2
A man is eating a banana.	Someone is peeling a banana.	1.800
The terminology is usually called "Destructive vs Non Destructive" editing.	Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.	2.40
Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs playing in grass.	2.40
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.	A boy looking at a computer screen.	3.2
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown	Thai bonds best in region	0.00
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands	China ships enter waters off disputed islands	3.40
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.	In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death.	1.40
A monkey pushes another monkey.	The monkey pushed the other monkey.	4.800
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.	4.000
When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon (i.e.	It refers to the maximum f-stop (which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter).	3.00
Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history	Greece secures biggest debt deal in history	2.8
What are they trying to hide?	I then asked: What are they trying to hide?	3.6
A little boy is vacuuming the floor.	A boy is vacuuming.	3.800
A man playing the violin in the rain.	A man playing the guitar in the rain.	3.200000
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.	A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.	4.00
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage.	1.2
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.	A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.	2.20
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.	Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.	0.2
A man and a woman watch two dogs.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.	0.40
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.	A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.	4.600
a black dog swimming through a river.	a black dog digging through the snow.	1.20
David Beckham to retire at end of season	David Beckham Retires From Football	4.40
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.	2.00
In Abu Dhabi the Golden Market is one of the premier public outdoor shopping areas.	A busy city square in an asian country.	1.600000
A black and white dog runs through the water.	Black and brown dog runs through field.	2.00
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.	3.000
A woman is chopping garlic.	A woman slices a fish.	1.000
A man rides a horse.	A woman rubs a baby's leg.	0.000
A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting a carrot.	1.400
The puppy played with a blue tennis ball.	A puppy is playing with a tennis ball.	4.000
Red double decker bus.	Red double decker bus with hood up.	3.75
A rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit.	A live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny.	4.500
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.	An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.	3.667
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine	Earthquake death toll rises to 260	0.60
Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush	Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead	0.8
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.	A group of men play a college football game.	1.40
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners	Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'	0.20
There are three options:	There are only three options:	5
We think they have the right to choose.	"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said.	3.000
Mayawati demands president's rule in Kashmir	Mayawati demands Presidents rule in Jammu and Kashmir	3
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday	China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday	4.2
There are dogs in the forest.	The dogs are alone in the forest.	4.000000
Romney rocked by secret video	Romney taped at secret donor talk	2.8
Piers Morgan questioned by police	Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case	3.6
The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.	4.909
A woman plays the flute.	A woman is playing the flute.	5.000
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international. 	one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.	1.4
CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT  HOURS.	TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED.	3.4
EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy will discuss how to boost employment, integrate social and economic policies	EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy to discuss employment boosting strategies	3
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	0.60
Gov'ts, groups pledge millions for typhoon relief	Canada promises $5-million in typhoon relief	2.40
Romney, Obama clash on tax, economy in first debate	Obama and Romney take stage for first debate	2.2
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."	3.4
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.	But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.	2.250
I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that.	The form insofar is American English; the standard form in British and other English is 'in so far'.	1.80
A man is cutting up a potato.	A man is cutting up carrots.	2.375
A man is slicing a tomato.	A man is slicing a bun.	2.000
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel	2
A woman is powdering her face.	The woman is tapping her fingers on the table.	0.800
The boy is riding a tricycle.	A woman is riding a water scooter.	1.250
Imagine a place with % men and % women.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	1.6
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing guitar.	2.167
A woman is chopping an onion.	A woman is chopping garlic with a knife.	1.800
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	City Room: Empire State Building Shooting	2.8
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day. 	sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.	3.6
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	"It has outraged the membership," said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	2.500
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.	1.80
One dead in Philadelphia building collapse, others pulled from rubble	Six confirmed dead after Philadelphia building collapse	3.20
A girl in orange lights a candle.	A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.	4.00
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.	4.400
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria	Obama urges military action against Syria, but will seek Congress' OK	2
A cat is jumping into a box.	A young man is talking to a leaf.	0.000
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire	3.60
AbbVie Sours on $55B Shire Deal After Tax Changes	AbbVie cools on $55bn Shire deal after US tax changes	5
JK Rowling launches her first adult novel	Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo	0
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.	A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.	4.00
Three men are dancing.	Women are dancing.	1.300
Egypt votes in new constitution	Egyptians Vote On New Constitution	4.8
The group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.	A group of people take a look at an unusual tree.	2.200000
the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.	2.46666666666667
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE	HSE boss defends medical-card plan	1.20
Twin bombings in Pakistan kill at least 40	Now, militants battle Pakistani police	1.2
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.	A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.	2.25
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.	The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.	4.60
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	3.800
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.	A dog playing in the waves with a ball.	0.80
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings	Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution	3.8
Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!	Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live!	2.20
"Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.	3.600
Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses	Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison	0.6
Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March	1.8
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.	Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.	0
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.	A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.	3.6
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.	Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.	3.000
A kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole.	A little kid is running around a fishing pole.	2.500
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog. 	the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog.	5
A small white cat standing in a sink.	Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.	3.6
Pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical	Pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical	5
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.	3.250
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics	4.2
A girl is communicating with sign language.	A young girl is using sign language.	3.941
Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars	Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars	4
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.	A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.	0.80
A girl in water without goggles or a swimming cap.	A girl in water, with goggles and swimming cap.	3.000000
A man is chopping a log with an axe.	A man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe.	4.000
The woman is shooting a machine gun.	The man is shooting a gun.	2.000
Eurozone backs Greek bailout	Eurozone agrees Greece bail-out	4.8
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.	my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops!	3.8
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.	3.800
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.	A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.	0.4
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.	1.40
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.	3.200
A man is cutting tomatoes.	A woman is cutting broccoli.	1.500
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.	4.400
A young man is singing and playing the piano.	The man is writing a letter.	0.200
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.	4.778
A dog is playing with a toy.	A dog is eating a doll.	2.250
Protests at Pussy Riot verdict	Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance	3.4
Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army	Oil rig spat: Beijing not to send army	0.60
2 dead in Bangladesh clashes over Jamaat leader’s execution	Bangladesh Islamist leader executed	2
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.	Black bird standing on concrete.	4
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan	Syrian PM defects to Jordan	1.4
A man is playing a guitar.	A guy is playing an instrument.	3.800
Two dogs are running in the field.	Two dogs running in a field.	5.00
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."	3.750
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.	A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.	4.80
Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria	Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria	1.4
A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.	A man is putting papers on a dish.	2.200
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society. 	the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.	3.4
Two men are playing a game of Scrabble together.	The two women are playing a game.	2.200000
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.	0.60
Use of force in defense of person.-A	Use of force by aggressor.	1.2
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".	1
It is all Bush's fault.	Obama is Bush's fault.	1.2
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".	Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".	3.800
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.	3.875
A woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips.	A woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices.	4.000
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.	1.600
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.	Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.	3.600
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.	A laptop and a PC at a workstation.	2.6
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.	3.250
Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp	At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq's Camp Ashraf	3
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999. 	indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.	1.8
A man is doing exercise.	A baby is laughing.	0.000
Israeli forces arrest 21 Palestinians overnight, clash with locals	Israeli security forces arrest 8 Palestinians in overnight West Bank sweeps	1
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.	A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.	4
A group of kids are having a jumping contest.	A group of kids are having a sleepover.	1.200000
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials	1.8
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.	3.6
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	Glasgow Helicopter Crash: At Least Six Dead	2.8
A man is climbing a rope.	A man is sitting on a rock.	0.250
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.	Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.	3.400
Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame	Chris Brown concerts cancelled new	0
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.	4.60
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd.	The women are singing and dancing.	3.538
Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed	Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports	3.00
But we can't do it without help.	We can't do it without you."	3.6
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.	When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.	4.800
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.	She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.	3.167
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.	A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.	4
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.	MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.	3.200
Eurozone agrees to lend Spain up to $125 billion	Eurozone to lend Spain up to 100 bil. euros	3.4
NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges	NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges	1.6
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve	US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief	4.20
A woman is cutting potatoes.	A woman is slicing carrots.	1.200
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married	5.00
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.	4.400
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	4
Q: What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme (or not) situations?	One human-being reliance on other(s) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans.	2.60
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.	The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.	3.400
G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'	Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion	0.60
A woman is cutting some fish.	A woman is cutting tofu.	2.200
a dog napping under a small table.	A dog sleeping under a table.	4.6
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years. 	the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.	2.6
A black dog running through water.	A black dog is running through some water.	4.80
It varies by the situation.	This varies by institution.	4
The dog is barking at the toy.	A dog is barking at a toy.	5.000
I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development.	Baby talk, when used correctly is beneficial to speech development.	2.00
A boy is upset playing video games.	Someone is playing a gameboy.	1.750
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.	Three goats are chased by a dog.	4.6
A man is playing soccer.	A man is drawing some figures.	0.400
Is it legal to grow?	Yes, it's legal to grow.	2.6
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine	Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM	1.80
The man ran and jumped against the wall.	A man jumps into a wall.	3.400
There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass.	I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees.	1.80
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.	Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.	0.800
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.	SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.	2.600
a young boy climbing on a rock wall	Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.	0.00
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.	0.00
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.	A man is sky surfing on the water.	2.80
Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies	Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74	4.2
Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast	Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'	3.80
A black dog is running through the snow.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.	4.00
A man is riding a motorcycle.	A woman is riding a horse.	0.750
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	People ride mopeds in an urban setting.	1.8
Still love this show.	Holy poo poo, this show.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.	3.600
Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.	1.40
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity. 	the official spoke on condition of anonymity.	3.4
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.	The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.	1.600
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	A green bike parked outside a book store.	4
A woman is adding spices on a meat.	A woman adds ingredients to beef.	3.750
A man holding a cat.	A man holding a dog.	3.000000
A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).	Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough.	1.60
The man is drawing.	A man is drawing.	5.000
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to say/imply.	1
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.	The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.	4.600
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.	Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.	2.250
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	4.800
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits	Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad	2.40
A girl is running on a desert path.	A young girl is talking on a cell phone.	0.80
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.	A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.	4.60
A brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	4.00
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.	3.200
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.	A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.	2.000
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.	He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.	3.400
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	Young girl in riding gear on a horse.	4.4
Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria	Sunday Times journalist, French photographer 'killed in Syria'	2.8
A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is cutting vegetable.	0.000
Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation.	Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet.	1.80
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.	July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.	3.250
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.	Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.	3.800
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.	4.800
The monkey is hanging from the trees.	The monkey swung from branch to branch.	2.000
Donna Summer, the queen of disco	Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63	1.6
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote.	No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies.	3.8
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	The silver train is parked in a station.	2.6
A man is running on the road.	A panda dog is running on the road.	1.667
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	The white train is sitting on the tracks.	2.25
I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on how the term is used I think.	2
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.	3.500
Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.	Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis	1.2
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan	Muslims pray for end to divisions	0.80
Raccoons are eating.	A man is eating.	1.500
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	4.800
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.	3.000
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday	2.8
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.	A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting	4.00
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.	1.20
A man uses a chainsaw to sculpt a phallic ice sculpture.	A man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture.	2.600000
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013	2.20
12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes	Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike	0.4
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.	The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.	3.000
A women standing next to a brown cow.	A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.	3.8
A baby rhino is walking around his pen with his mother.	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino.	3.400
Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries	2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured	3.4
A black dog running through the snow.	A black dog runs through the water.	2.40
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.	A man is walking down a road.	2.500
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.	Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.	3.800
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.	He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.	2.800
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.	On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.	3.500
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.	4.200
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	2.750
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.	3.000
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.	But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.	3.800
A man climbing a cliff face.	A man climbs a sheer cliff face.	4.80
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing guitar.	2.167
Iran, atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election	IAEA, Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election	4.8
The cats are playing with each other.	Two cats are fighting each other.	2.600
A dog running through snow.	A dog runs in the snow.	5.00
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad	Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad	3.60
It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank.	We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.	2.40
Red and white bus driving down road.	A bus drives down a busy road.	3.6
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	"It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.	3.500
Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place	Indonesians vote for president in tight race	0.00
Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version.	Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.	0.20
International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe	Arrested Briton 'not significant' to Kenya attack probe	1.00
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is eating a banana.	0.600
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan	2.2
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program. 	the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.	4.6
Chairman of easyJet to step down	Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down	4.2
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment. 	godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.	1
Four children on stools in a diner.	Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.	3.60
5 US airstrikes target Islamic State fighters	Kurds see Turkey impeding Islamic State fight	1
Do you further agree that I have made no claim?	So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.	3.8
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.	4.750
Typhoon survivors raid Philippine stores	Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines	1.2
A boy is cutting paper.	A man is loading a rifle.	0.000
General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter	GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter	5.00
A person is watching people ski down the hill.	The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch.	1.400000
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.	5.00
I don't have direct experience with bettas, but I've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination.	Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight.	2.60
A dog jogs through the grass.	a dog trots through the grass.	5.00
kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming. 	western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.	3.4
% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?	How much is spent on abortions services?	2.6
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok	Police fire tear gas at protesters	3.00
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria	UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors	3.2
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.	4.200
If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion.	Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.	2.60
I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.	There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.	0.20
"Cyclopes don't exist" - fine.	"Goblins don't exist" - fine.	1.6
Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high	EU jobless hits fresh record	4.4
As others have said, "ten of six", though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50.	"Ten of six" probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before.	3.80
US government shutdown begins - live updates	Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud	3.20
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP	Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her	3.8
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	a group of surfers catching a wave	2.60
I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position.	Although I believe Searle is mistaken, I don't think you have found the problem.	0.20
A man is playing piano.	A man is laying on the ground.	0.750
A woman is dancing.	The man is dancing.	2.600
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.	1.400
About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede	61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede	3.4
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.	A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.	0
Neymar powers Brazil into last 16	Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16	4.40
Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State	Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks	0.60
I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is a single definition.	4
6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS	5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan	1
A man is cycling.	A man is talking.	0.600
My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My Sheriff has told me its bad for you.	2.8
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.	0.80
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes	Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes	3.2
Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head	US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair	4.2
Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates	Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate	1
It still makes no sense.	It's you who makes no sense.	1.4
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.	The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.	0.00
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	1.2
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.	4.500
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	2.5
A man is doing a card trick.	A man is squeezing water.	0.250
Goa building collapse death toll touches 15	Indian building collapse deaths rise to 14	3
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners	4.60
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.	A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.	0.40
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two tan dogs play in the snow.	2.60
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.	A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.	3.40
A man is performing labor.	A man is performing today.	2.800000
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	5.000
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes. 	francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.	4
&gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency	Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency	5
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	2.4
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."	The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".	4.000
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.	5.000
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.	In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.	1.400
Five cows are grazing beside the road.	Several sheep grazing in the field.	1
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.	2.400
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups. 	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.	4
Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears	Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports	0.00
Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'	Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149	2.00
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.	4.2
US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions	Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president	0.2
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.	Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.	3.800
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists. 	the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.	4.2
Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14	Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday	2
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.	Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.	4.250
. What is your definition of "life force"?	What is your definition of "soul"?	3.6
Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact	Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership	3.8
A rabbit is running from an eagle.	A hare is running from a eagle.	4.200
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.	Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.	3.750
There are people out on the street.	People are out on the street.	5.000000
Queen visits London soldier attack scene	Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week	4.20
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Polls open in Russian presidential election	1
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	Children play in a pool while adults look on.	4.60
A dog running along the beach.	Boy and girl running along the beach.	1.40
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.	Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.	2.000
Two white dogs walking in the snow.	A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.	2.00
'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11	Sex attack on woman investigated	0.2
A person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler.	A man is cutting tomatoes with a cleaver.	0.750
Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James	Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation: what will it mean?	0.20
A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train waiting at the city train station.	4
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC	China manufacturing expands in September	1.00
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23	China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4	2.20
Global progress seen in ending death penalty	Iran diplomat: progress being made in expert-level talks	0.00
A man is playing a basketball.	A man is playing a piano.	1.400
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.	The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.	0.40
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film	Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film	2.8
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot	Four men admit London bombs plot	4
Residents return to Texas blast site	Residents return to Fallujah	0
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria	Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea	0.00
sheep standing in afield.	A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.	2.8
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.	3.600
Man charged after MP hurt in attack	Man charged with murder in flat	1.4
A man is playing the piano.	Someone is playing guitar.	0.750
Prince George is christened at St James's Palace	Prince George christened in London	3.80
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors	South Korea to boost nuclear power?	1.2
A man is paddling a canoe.	A man is playing a harp.	0.667
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan	2.80
It is mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch.	3.6
A man is slicing a potato.	A woman is cutting a jalepeno.	1.400
The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise (min.	What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks.	2.20
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east	Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill	0.20
lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue. 	u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.	2.8
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty	09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation	3.60
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other	2.00
Boy feeding a sheep.	A boy feeding a sheep hay.	4.2
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife.	A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.	3.750
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back.	A dog is rolling from side to side.	3.500
A dog knocks a boy into the water twice.	A dog pushes a toddler into a rain puddle.	2.692
Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash	Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash	0.8
A woman is doing weight exercises.	A woman is exercising with a barbell.	3.500
A woman beats two eggs in a bowl.	A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl.	3.000
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.	4.500
I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.	There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.	0.40
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.	Two cows are drinking from a pond.	4.6
I think you've pretty much done your review.	You've pretty much answered your own question.	2
Gunmen kill one soldier, injure two others in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan	2
Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts	Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay	3
A woman is swimming underwater.	A man is slicing some carrots.	0.000
NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan	Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan	0.6
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.	Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.	3.200
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty. 	russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.	3
Fish are swimming.	A fish is swimming.	4.133
UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights	NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash	1
The black and white dog runs through the grass.	A black and white dog is running through grass.	5.00
Anil, there certainly is a difference in results, mainly in image quality.	If you want to learn photography, almost any camera will do to start with.	1.00
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.	5.000
NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians	U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians	2.4
Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region	Sudanese police block protest at human rights commission	0
Someone is playing a piano.	Someone is playing guitar.	2.400
Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine	Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid	0.40
The man is riding a horse.	A woman is using a hoe.	0.000
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.	1.500
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A classroom of students watching a presentation.	0.00
Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.	There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.	4.20
A close-up of a black train engine.	Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	0
A man is making a bed.	A man is speaking to an audience.	0.750
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married	4.4
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn	3.6
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	It is difficult, if not impossible, to give a complete answer to this question.	2
Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?	Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method.	4.00
James Murdoch quits BSkyB	James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB	4.2
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.	3.400
EU receives Nobel Peace Prize	EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize	3.6
‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room	Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31	3.40
Romanian president declared victory	Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark	0.6
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.	A red and brown bird is perched on branches.	2.25
Man rowing a boat.	a man doing a trick on skateboard	0.00
Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings	Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak	0
Three people are meeting for coffee.	Two people make coffee.	2.400000
The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?	The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.	1.80
Sri Lanka's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy	Syria talks for Cameron and Putin	0.4
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:	I'd say it depends what conditions you have.	2
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.	A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.	0
Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash	Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash	5.00
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	A close-up of a sheep with a black head.	4
The man cut some carpet with a knife.	A man is cutting carpet with a knife.	4.750
First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks.	You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first.	0.00
Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan	Suicide bombers attack US base in Afghanistan	2.8
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.	The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.	3.000
A cat is drinking some water.	A truck is going down a hill.	0.000
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.	5.00
UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria	Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria	2.2
a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war. 	government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.	3.4
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.	Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.	3.250
Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal	Luxembourg votes after spying row	2.20
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil	Merkel to attend World Cup final	1.20
Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares	Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock	3.8
Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	Button boasts best time after first practice	3
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.	The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.	2.40
A woman is frying fish.	A woman is cooking fish.	4.000
The man is buttering the bread.	The man is stirring the rice.	0.400
Schumacher in a coma after ski accident	Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident	4
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it.	1
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.	In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.	3.400
Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow	4
A person is slicing an onion.	A person cuts ginger.	1.400
A woman peels a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato.	5.000
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.	Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.	3.000
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	4.40
Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case	Musharraf arrested in Pakistan	3
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You have to do what is right for you.	2
Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it.	You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.	0.80
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.	3.200
Iran says it captures drone; U.S. denies losing one	Iran says it has seized U.S. drone; U.S. says it's not true	4.8
Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies	Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies	4.2
I've had this same problem.	I had this same problem.	5
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.	3.500
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.	4.400
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.	The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.	4.600
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	"Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness," Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.	3.250
US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal	It's official: Deal reached on "fiscal cliff"	3.4
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.	He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.	2.800
@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	4.4
Someone is folding a piece of paper.	A person is slicing a small pieces of ginger.	0.250
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.	3.800
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow	Anti-Putin protesters form human chain	3.8
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.	A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.	4.00
"There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said.	The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.	3.600
Scores Killed In Egyptian Protests	Turkey's PM Warns Against Protests	1.20
Ukrainian parliament dismisses president	Ukraine's parliament votes to dismiss president	4
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction. 	members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.	3.2
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.	3.80
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.	NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.	2.500
French-led troops close in on Timbuktu	French-led troops control access to Timbuktu	3.6
Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer.	In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights.	0.00
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.	The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.	2.750
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.	4.600
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.	Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.	3.000
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM	Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president	3.40
And the simple fact today?	I repeat: And the simple fact today?	4
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.	DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution.	4.00
A man attacks a woman.	A man slaps a woman.	3.600
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.	Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.	0
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30	Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week	4.00
Someone is holding and petting a baby tiger.	Someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink.	0.400
A man and a woman are kissing each other.	A man and a woman are talking to each other.	0.600
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.	Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.	3.000
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.	A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.	1.80
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.	A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.	4
Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given.	Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect.	2.60
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.	A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.	0
A man is playing the piano.	The man is playing the violin.	1.750
ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank	ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved	3.4
I've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question: prototype theory.	According to current models of human concept learning, the answer to your question is both.	0.00
Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen	Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus	0.8
A man is writing in a book.	A man is writing on a paper.	2.875
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.	A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch	5.00
At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes	180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes	2.6
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is cleaning a cd.	0.833
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka	2.6
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy.	A kitten is playing with a toy.	4.400
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.	Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.	3.4
Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold	Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold	4
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.	3.600
38 Taliban militants killed in Afghanistan	Taliban attacks US base in Afghanistan	1.2
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties	Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club	4.00
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program. 	syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.	5
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.	A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.	0.40
Mexico swears in president amid violent protests	Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban	0
A person is adding food in a pan.	A woman puts rice into a pan.	3.000
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall	3.80
I think it is great that you had a test conducted.	I think that's a great plan.	2
I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period.	Definitely plan a month ahead - it's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do.	2.60
Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident	Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip	1
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.	A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.	3.600
Cars driving near a model building.	Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.	2.4
The curious boys look in the shed.	Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.	2.8
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.	Two dogs running along dirt path.	1.60
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.	A man dances on a colorful wall.	0.40
"I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.	"I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.	3.667
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.	A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.	0.4
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.	Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.	3.500
I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it.	1.00
Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis	What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide	1
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote	4.00
A man is playing the drums.	A man plays the drum.	5.000
For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.	Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.	3.60
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	2.40
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.	Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.	4.8
Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants	U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano	4
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut	Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut	4.20
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic	Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid	0.00
A man is singing.	A man is dancing.	0.500
I don't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation.	The short answer is that evolution couldn't create gills in humans.	0.80
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.	a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.	0.40
India, US to hold talks on China next week	Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week	1.40
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.	2.500
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.	Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.	4.80
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections	Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections	0.40
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.	3.2
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars). 	the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.	3.2
A close-up view of a horse's head.	A side view of a horse's head.	3.2
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.	2.000
Saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at Detroit airport	Saudi Man Traveling With Pressure Cooker Arrested	4
Gains in financial stocks push up European equities	British Christians take complaints to European court	0
A man is playing drums.	A man is playing his guitar.	1.800
This does not fully answer your question, but it is certainly one consideration.	I am a PhD student in Computational Science, which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics, computer science, and engineerning.	0.00
A man is dieing in an operating room.	A man is kissing a woman in stage.	0.400
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.	1.53333333333333
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill	Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law	4
The girl danced in front of the bonfire.	A woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire.	2.750
A woman is applying makeup.	A man is playing a guitar.	0.000
A dog running through a forest in the winter time	A dog running through a lot of twigs.	3.20
two puppies playing around in the grass	Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.	4.00
Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official	Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail	1.40
Nato troops kill two Afghan children	NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children	3
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.	2.000
A woman is adding oil on fishes.	The woman is cutting potatoes.	0.600
Spanish train crash driver to be questioned	Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge	3.8
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.	A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.	2.2
UN chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in Guinea	UN chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in Mali	1
Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control	Indian troops raid Pakistani military post	1.2
Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages	India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians	3.8
A girl dances in the rain.	A woman is dancing in the rain.	3.000
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	0
The religious people are enjoying the outdoors.	The group of people are enjoying the outdoors.	3.600000
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.	2.400
A young woman is playing the flute.	A woman is washing off the top of a freezer.	0.000
U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site	UN observers reach Syria massacre village	4.4
Sniper waiting for result of appeal	New glories for China in striving for renewal	0
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.	4.600
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.	4.2
We are meant to explore.	We are meant to move.	2.4
A dog is on the beach near a ball.	A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.	0.60
I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.	Does the census have an rear end in a top hat?	2.6
Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch.	I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training.	0.00
Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting	Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting	1.4
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.	US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.	3.400
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.	Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.	4.50
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.	1.200
American flag is waving.	A American flag is blowing in the wind.	4.200
A lion is walking.	A lion is pacing in a pen.	2.400
-Not- talking about it 'and' -Not- doing anything.	is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything.	2.8
Hawaii passes gay marriage bill	US Senate passes gay workers bill	1
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.	A group of young ladies in bikinis.	1.40
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it.	A woman is riding on an elephant.	0.600
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.	Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.	3.000
Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10	World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up	2.60
Security tightens for Thatcher funeral	Security agencies worry about new terrorist threats in Kenya	0
A man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle.	A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle.	3.000
Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws.	They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen's will.	2.80
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.	3.000
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.	The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.	3.000
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.	3.250
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.	A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.	1.20
A woman is taking a shower.	A man is riding a white horse.	0.000
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie	Egypt braces for more violence as Muslim Brotherhood calls 'march of anger'	1.60
A man and woman are walking together through the woods.	A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area.	4.000
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.	For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.	1.800
The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.	The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.	2.00
They are preparing for a performance at school.	Two medical professionals in green look on at something.	0.000000
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	A tan dog is walking through snow.	2.00
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a flute.	1.583
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks end down 0.45%	1.60
The children are holding musical instruments.	A group of children are singing and playing instruments	3.400000
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.	Two women are sitting in a cafe.	3
Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants	Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia	1.4
A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI (link).	If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors.	0.80
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.	DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.	4.250
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm	3.40
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.	The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.	2.750
Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke	Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	4.20
A boy is making some dance steps.	A boy is pouring something from a pitcher.	0.400
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.	3.533
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone	4.20
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a bamboo flute.	3.867
The dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg.	A monkey pulled a dogs tail.	1.750
World Cup hit by new stadium death	Worker dies at World Cup stadium	3
A man is playing guitar.	A lady is playing the guitar.	2.200
East Timor votes in presidential election	Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election	1
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	4.4
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt	Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt	4.80
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.	3.000
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.	4.923
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	The answer to your question is not really.	1
A person is adding chili powder to chili with beans.	The man is adding seasoning to the beans.	3.800
A little girl plays the violin on a beach.	The girl sat on the couch to crochet.	0.000
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces.	A person is cutting an onion into pieces.	1.500
a group of people dancing	A group of men are dancing.	3.400
A person is adding oil in the pan.	The cook pouring oil into the pan.	4.250
A black dog is running in the grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.	4.80
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.	A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.	2.20
The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.	The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid.	2.800
A man plays the flute.	A man is playing a flute.	5.000
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.	On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.	4.000
A clown performs for brother and sister as the rest of the party watches.	A blond-haired child performing on the trumpet in front of a house while his younger brother watches.	1.200000
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada	'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead	4.40
A man is fitting silencer on a pistol.	A man is adding a silencer to a gun.	4.500
A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book.	A woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too.	1.200
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.	The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.	3.250
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute. 	spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.	2.6
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".	3.500
'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii	'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns	3.80
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.	A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.	0.00
US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair	US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief	4.2
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	3.400
You have a problem.	This is a big problem.	4
Obama calls for international front against IS	Obama vows to save Iraqis stranded on mountain	0
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You have to find out what works for you.	4
Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul	Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul	2.8
A little boy is drinking from a juice packet.	A boy is drinking from a juice packet.	4.800000
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.	A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.	1.2
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.	The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	0
US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties	China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades	0.40
Vietnam detects signals from missing plane	China expands search area for missing plane	2.00
Two men are dancing together.	A woman opens a closet.	0.000
South Korea regrets North's refusal of talks	South Korea reports 14th Mers death, 12 new cases	1
the man is catching a ball	A man is kicking a ball.	3.000000
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.	The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.	4.000
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial	5.00
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.	Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.	1.800
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.	Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.	4.800
A young boy has a red fishing pole.	A young boy stands over a bridge with a fishing pole.	3.000000
Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub	4
Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants	Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants	3.4
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.	In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.	5.000
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	3.750
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.	Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.	3.000
UK alert on Syrian chemical arms	West raises stakes over Syria chemical claims	3.8
Yes, there is a reason for it.	Yes, that is exactly what it means.	1
My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you're feeding him.	Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom.	0.60
Who Is Jihadi John?	Who was 'Jihadi John?'	5
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.	A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.	0.00
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.	Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.	3.200
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	4.600
Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan	2
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.	A child is playing with two white and black geese.	0.60
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday	3.20
Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons	Air strikes wound civilians in Syria's Deraa	1.8
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public. 	many of the people executed are hanged in public.	3.4
2 police killed in eastern Afghan explosion	At least 28 people die in Chinese coal mine explosion	0.4
A man and woman blow bubbles.	A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.	4.20
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.	3.6
Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda	Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week	2.5
A man is adding oil to a pot.	A dog is catching a fish in a river.	0.200
32 die in Bangladesh protest	1 Killed in Bangladesh Protest	2.2
The woman is rolling dough.	A woman is flouring and rolling dough.	3.765
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.	A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water	2.20
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.	3.000
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.	The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.	1.400
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.	A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.	4
At least 38 Morsi supporters die in clashes	Dozens of Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	3.6
David Beckham to retire at end of season	David Beckham Retires From Football	4.2
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	4.400
He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.	You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.	1.80
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.	A white dog running over a bridge.	2.00
The bird is sitting on the branch.	The sheep is standing under the trees.	0
A man is swinging on a rope over water.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.	3.00
A badger is burrowing a hole.	A badger is digging the earth.	4.600
2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting	Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting	5
"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it".	"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way," he said.	4.400
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638	1.60
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.	Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.	4.000
A man is playing a guitar and singing on a stage.	A man is playing the electric guitar.	3.200
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.	4.250
The woman is dicing onions.	A woman is cutting an onion.	4.400
Google CEO says Android important, not critical	Larry Page says Android important, not critical	4
myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. 	myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.	3.75
I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.	3.40
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.	Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.	2.800
Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.	3.00
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.	The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.	3.625
Microwave would be your best bet.	Your best bet is research.	0
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	"But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	3.400
A woman is sitting at a desk.	A woman is riding a donkey.	0.400
A man is doing trick with play cards.	A man is performing a card trick.	5.000
A small white dog running across a lawn.	A small white dog running	3.20
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.	White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.	3.6
A man plays a trumpet.	A man is playing a musical instrument.	3.400
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.	1.800
photo of a television screen showing a movie.	The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.	3.2
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.	"Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas.	3.800
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.	Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	3.667
Syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near Damascus	Syria army continues mop-up operations near Damascus	1.6
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.	The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.	0.60
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.	4.000
'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash	Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash	4.80
A dog runs through the grass.	a dog runs across the grass.	4.80
No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress	No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay	3.2
The man is exercising.	A man is doing pull-ups.	3.200
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.	A brown horse stands in tall grass.	2.6
national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons. 	the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.	4
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.	4.20
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.	4.600
In the US, it will depend on the school.	It really depends on the school and the program.	3
Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel	Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable	1.8
A woman is slicing a pumpkin.	A woman is riding an elephant.	0.400
Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California	USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California	4.2
Syria urges refugees to return	Syria's tenuous truce takes hold	1
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.	International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.	3.000
Three women with brown hair are smiling.	Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.	2.8
A man is opening a door.	A man is cutting an onion.	0.800
A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.	You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.	2.00
A woman and man are riding in a car.	A woman driving a car is talking to the man seated beside her.	3.400
Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13.	Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems.	1.60
A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork.	A youngster is sitting on a piano.	0.000
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.	The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.	1.500
a close up head of an ostrich.	A close up of an ostrich face.	4.4
The two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	Boys are dancing in front of people.	1.500
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."	4.600
I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing.	I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball.	0.4
BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse	Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children	3.4
A machine is sharpening a pencil.	The machine shaved the end of the pencil.	3.800
Two little girls talk on the telephone.	Two couple are talking with each other.	1.200
Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?	You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?	4.8
Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?	No has has shut down the oil fields.	2
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.	But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.	2.000
EU heaps new sanctions on Syria	EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime	4.4
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.	The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.	3.000
I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I would say it is impossible to know, so don't risk it.	2
EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran	EU plans major new sanctions against Iran	4.4
A dog running on the grass	Two dogs are running on the grass.	2.60
It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.	In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide.	4.40
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.	4.4
Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens	Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids	0.60
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine	President Obama warns Russia to stay out of Ukraine	1
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.	Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.	3.500
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.	A man is lifting a little girl above his head.	0.00
Yes, dew (wetness in the environment) factor can change the direction of a match.	Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.	3.00
Two people are in bed.	Two boxers are in the ring.	0.00
The people got off the train.	The people got off the train at the station.	4.000
Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks	Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks	5.00
You don't have to worry.	Since you have one ticket, you don't have to worry.	3
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe). 	russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.	1.4
Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation	Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation	3.8
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty. 	putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.	5
A man is tying on a stenographers machine.	the man used a stenograph.	2.250
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6	2.20
A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A close-up of a yellow school bus.	0
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine	Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border	4.00
London Marathon observes silence for Boston bomb victims	London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims	4.6
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.	4.80
Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election	Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election	2.80
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	2.200
Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian	School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand	1.00
There are a few things you can do: 	There are a couple things you can try.	5
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.	3.400
People on motorcycles wearing racing gear ride around a racetrack	People on motorcycles ride around a racetrack	3.800000
I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.	I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its "taste" in litter material.	2.60
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.	Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.	3.250
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.	Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.	1.500
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016	US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks	0.80
My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you.	2.8
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.	A row of beer bottles on the floor.	3.4
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	1.800
The dog is running with food in his mouth.	The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.	2.20
Edit, again: The question seems to have changed, yet again.	I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination.	0.00
The lady cracked two raw eggs.	The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.	3.200
Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack	'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'	0.4
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.	A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.	4.00
Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35	Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112	1.2
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.	A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.	3.20
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates	U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik	4.60
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	1
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.	2.000
The two boys play in the field.	The two people have their heads covered with scarves.	0.00
A woman is swimming.	A man is spitting.	0.000
A white plane on the runway.	A white airplane is on a runway.	4.8
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.	2.200
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.	Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.	3.750
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.	Someone is cooking okra in a pan.	4.400
Two people sit on the end of a dock.	Two people sitting on a dock.	4.20
There are two things to consider:	There are two possible causes for this:	4
A passenger train coming into a station.	A large bird is flying through the air.	0
A group of people in a living room.	A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.	0.8
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.	On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.	5.000
Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50	Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340	3
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.	3.000
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.	A man looking at a red motorcycle.	4
A man riding a horse in slow motion.	A man is riding on a horse.	3.400
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.	2.200
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine	Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon	0.00
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.	Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.	3.2
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.	1.800
Italy bus crash death toll rises	Starbucks clears college degree path for workers	0.00
A race horse galloping without a rider.	A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.	2.8
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.	4.00
Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia	12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia	3.8
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states. 	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.	4.8
Problem is, the system doesn't account for people who could care less about money, or title.	The Joker doesn't care about money.	1
Obama pledges to reignite economy	Obama to press Congress to act on economy	2.6
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.	2.200
String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32	Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six	0
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.	1.80
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.	Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.	4.750
For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said.	"The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles.	1.750
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.	People riding horses in a fenced area.	1.4
Red double decker bus driving down a street.	A double decker bus on a city street.	4.2
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria	Ten killed in new blast in Russia	1.40
A man is playing keyboard.	A person is playing a piano.	2.200
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.	3.40
France cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax'	Manila to increase counter-terror team	0.00
19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq	2.80
Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'	Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect	4.8
Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants	Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali	3.2
The young adult are cold	Asian children are playing with a dog.	0.200000
Fundimental difference, please?	Fundamental difference?	4.6
A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is brushing her hair.	2.500
NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet	NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet	4.8
DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.	It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.	3
How should I proceed about this?	So how should I do this?	4
A woman is spreading mustard on a bread roll.	A kitten is playing with a woman's finger.	0.000
Moderate earthquake jolts NW Pakistan	Moderate earthquake hits southern Pakistan	3
What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?	------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?	5
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.	4.600
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.	4.4
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153	U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan	3.40
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	3.167
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry. 	the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.	4.8
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.	4.60
20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India	Commerce secretary to take leave of absence	0
A woman is cutting a leak.	A woman is slicing a leek.	4.000
Israel among top arms exporters in world: report	Israel among top arms exporters and importers	3.8
No healthy person needs gambling.	No healthy person needs sex.	1.4
Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election	3.8
A little boy is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing guitar.	4.600
Three dogs running through water.	A black dog running through water.	1.00
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.	3.056
A small black dog is in the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.	3.60
A person is picking a komodo dragon and putting it in a box.	A person is placing a baby komodo dragon into a container.	4.200
A man is slicing a tomato.	A man is riding a horse.	0.800
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.	Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.	3.750
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore. 	according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.	3.4
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.	0.4
Mars rover collects first bedrock sample	Wawrinka reaches first grand slam final	0
Iran, IAEA Officials Meet Ahead of March Nuclear Deadline	Iran, IAEA officials meet ahead of March nuclear deadline: ISNA	5
Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.	3.091
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole	3.00
A man is speaking.	A man is dancing.	1.200
A man is playing piano.	A man is playing a violin.	2.000
China's Cabinet promises to boost economy	China's Wen promises job creation	3.2
A woman looks at a duck as she walks behind it.	A woman is going on a walk with her dog.	1.000000
How much do you know about Secret Service?	Lawmakers from both sides express outrage at Secret Service	1
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.	3.600
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.	A man is loading a rifle with bullets.	0.000
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.	1.800
A woman is dancing.	A woman plays the clarinet.	0.800
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.	Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.	4.000
A man shoots a man.	A man with a pistol shoots another man.	4.250
A black dog looking at the camera.	The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	2
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.	4.000
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area	Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah	3.2
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire	Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries	3.60
Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!	I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.	0.00
A man is playing flute.	A man is dancing.	0.200
I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.	It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.	0.00
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	i think it depends what you want:	2
That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.	Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents.	2.6
It's not a good idea.	I do not think it's a good idea.	4
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in 	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.	3.6
Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest	Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother	3.40
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.	3.800
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.	A kitten eats some food.	4.000
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	4.600
A woman is washing her hands.	A woman is straightening her hair.	0.800
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.	Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.	3.800
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	4.800
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.	A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.	2.800
A man and a woman talk in a diner.	A man and a woman are riding on a bicycle.	1.200
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.	4.000
There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few things I think you should do.	3
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory	Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan	3.40
A person is slicing an onion.	A cat is pooping into a toilet.	0.000
Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea	Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea	2.4
Two men standing on beach.	Two women standing in front of tour bus.	0
Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay	Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay	4.2
The black bird is sitting on the ground.	The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.	0
18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq	9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk	1.4
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan. 	police stated that-- chung has been on the run.	1.8
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	1.8
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.	2.000
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League	EPL clubs out to avoid Champions League woes	1
Sometimes I fantasize about having power.	Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will.	4.2
Nelson Mandela memorial service	Nelson Mandela dies: Live coverage	2.4
A man is laughing with a woman	A man and a woman laughing.	4.800000
Portugal Drownings: UK Girl And Grandad Named	British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal	2.2
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.	3.250
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.	Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.	2.200
Egyptians vote to pick president for first time	Egyptians wait for key presidential vote results	2.6
The flag was moving in the air.	A flag is waving.	3.750
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.	Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.	4
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.	Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.	2.600
A man is playing a flute.	A man is riding a scooter.	0.800
Declines in US stock market moderate	Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower	0.40
Snowden thanks Russia for asylum	Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum	5
A baby is laughing.	A baby is laughing and giggling.	4.000
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan	US drone kills 16 in Pakistan	3.20
Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.	My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.	2.80
A small white dog climbs over a log.	a small dog steps onto a log.	2.80
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails	Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics	3
A dog prepares to herd three sheep with horns.	A dog and sheep run together.	2.200000
A cat is playing on the floor.	A man is slicing garlic.	0.000
I'm facing a similar situation; being Danish and living in (German-speaking) Austria.	An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare.	0.00
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."	The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.	5.000
International weapons experts leave Syria, Obama to make statement	Weapons experts leave Syria, U.S. prepares attack	2.80
Can he really make mone from google ad sense.	Who makes money off google ad sense?	3.2
Mt Gox reveals 200,000 'forgotten' bitcoin haul	Mt Gox finds 200,000 'forgotten' bitcoins	5
A dog in the snow.	Two dogs in snow.	3.00
Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets	Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense	2.6
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	A black and white cat lies in the dirt.	0.4
The boy in the green jersey plays goalie on the soccer team.	The team in blue is playing a game against the team in white	1.000000
Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.	I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.	1.00
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.	3.200
A woman is squeezing some cucumber slices.	A woman is getting doused in green slime.	0.750
I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there is any universal term.	3
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.	Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.	3.8
A man doing a jumping bike trick surrounded by trees.	A boy riding a green trick bike over some steps outdoors.	3.000000
Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500	Bangladesh building collapse: death toll climbs to 580	3
Morsi supporters clash with riot police in Cairo	Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev	0.8
The woman is waterskiing.	A woman is wake boarding on a lake.	1.750
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.	A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.	3.60
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch	Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch	4.20
two dogs running in the snow	A dog laying in the snow.	2.20
There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.	It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.	2.00
UK confirms fears over Syria's chemical weapons	End 'near' for Syria's chemical weapons	1.4
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.	After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.	3.400
Gunmen kill female politician in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 5 female teachers in Pakistan	2.2
A car is driven down the road.	A girl is walking down a road.	1.200
The lady stirred up raw eggs in the bowl.	A woman is pouring eyes into a bowl.	1.000
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.	3.800
A black dog standing in a grassy area.	A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.	3.4
I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn't require a yes or no answer.	Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?	0.40
A cat is playing a key board.	A man is playing two keyboards.	1.600
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.	Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.	0.2
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.	A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap	4.80
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.	Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.	1.000
There are two men near a wall.	Three women are sitting near a wall.	2.000000
A person is cutting a meat.	A person riding a mechanical bull	0.000
Yes, they are both different.	Opinions are different.	1.2
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.	Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.	3.000
One killed in clashes at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo offices	Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ	2
Two men talking in front of a plane.	Two men talking in front of a small plane.	4.4
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD	2.20
How do you do that?	How should you do that?	4
Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM	Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM	4.6
A girl bounces in a bounce house.	A girl dances like a man in costume	1.20
Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria	Assad makes Red Cross pledge	2
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion	Five dead in Canada train crash	2.80
A green car parked at a saloon.	A green car parked outside the saloon.	5
Glad to hear you've started playing hockey, its a great sport!	A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating.	0.40
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video	UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site	2.4
A young woman is playing a guitar.	A woman cuts up some meat.	0.750
Twelve killed as gunmen raid village	Five Killed in Blasts in India	0.2
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.	North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	3.800
Two women are wrestling.	Two women are wrestling on the floor.	4.000
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	3.000
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.	An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	3.6
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.	2.000
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	4.57142857142857
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only. 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	4
Google launches internet-beaming balloons	Google 'are playing international tax game'	1
A tiger is walking around his cage.	A tiger walks around aimlessly.	3.000
It's not a good idea.	It's a good idea to do both.	1
So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.	Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.	4.6
A person is boiling noodles.	A cat is licking a bottle.	0.000
A black and white cow looking through the fence.	A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.	0.6
A man riding a small bicycle.	A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.	2.8
"I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.	And I really liked him, and I still do.	3.200
The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.	Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.	4.2
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.	Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.	1.400
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment. 	durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.	2
A woman is hitting a man.	A woman is taking a bath.	0.200
A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water.	The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.	5.000
Clinton ready to fight for Obama	Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow	1
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.	A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.	4.60
The woman is wearing yellow.	The woman is wearing red.	2.800000
More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean	Over 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats in Mediterranean	3
A white dog walking in the snow.	A black and tan dog walking through the snow.	3.00
A young child is riding a horse.	A child is riding a horse.	4.750
7 killed in attacks in Iraq	16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq	3.00
Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion	Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion	5.00
Search after man swept into sea	Lara plans visit to Nepal	0.2
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.	Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.	3.750
7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen	At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen	3.00
Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod	Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope	0
Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape	Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years' jail for gang rape	3.4
A little bird floating in the water.	A duck floating in the water.	2.4
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons. 	north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.	2
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.	A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.	3.40
Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee	Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day	1.2
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.	Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	0.4
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.	2.000
A man jumping his dirt bike.	A man on a bike jumping through the air.	3.6
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	1
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."	"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.	3.200
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.	1.000
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.	This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.	3.2
Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison	'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' Sentenced to Four Years in Prison	0
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.	a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling	3.00
A panda bear is chewing on a stick.	A baby panda plays with a stick.	3.000
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.	His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.	2.750
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.	2.60
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response	S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster	4.60
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.	A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.	2.60
Men are running a race.	Racers are running down a track.	2.600
Looks like you've rediscovered Jaspers's concept of the Axial Age.	There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece.	0.40
A woman peels an apple.	A man pops wheelies on a motorcycle.	0.000
The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.	1
I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle (recovery included).	Low reps with high weights don't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short.	1.00
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.	"I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.	4.800
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.	Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.	0.4
Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests	Maldives president quits after weeks of protest	3.4
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	3.000
This answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US.	This answer is based on experience I did not researched for references.	2
A man is breaking water jugs.	A woman is peeling garlic.	0.200
A man is kicking a soccer ball.	A man is mixing a bowl.	0.600
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.	3.200
David Cameron puts Sri Lanka on notice over war crime allegations	Sri Lanka warned over war crime allegations	3.6
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution	Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ	1.60
Egyptians vote on Islamist-backed constitution	'Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote'	1.4
The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger.	wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything.	0.00
You can use it, too.	Yes, you can do it.	3
Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing	Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing	5.00
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.	4.000
A man is playing two pianos.	A cat is playing a piano.	1.600
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.	4.200
A group of horses grazing in a field.	A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.	2.6
What's my opinion regarding the series?	What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim?	2.8
A boy is playing an instrument.	A man is playing a trumpet.	2.500
U.S. military says it conducts airstrikes against IS in Syria, Iraq	Observatory says Russian air strikes kill 45 in Syria	1
A man is firing a shot gun.	A man shoots a shotgun.	5.000
The woman droppped eggplant into the pan.	A woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet.	4.000
Venezuela's Chavez in Cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment	Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment	3.2
Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA	UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections	3.2
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.	BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.	3.250
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.	Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.	2.750
A group of couples are dancing.	Men and women are dancing slowly.	3.333
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.	3.250
Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers, I don't know that there is a common consensus.	I'll address just the first of your three sub-questions, the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington.	0.00
Japan PM dissolves lower house for election	Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks	0
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.	4.800
These cooks in the white are busy in the kitchen making dinner for their customers.	The women are preparing dinner in their kitchen.	3.000000
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	1.2
Jurors find Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty	Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty, jury says	5
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island	Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand	2.00
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.	In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.	3.200
Jordan elected to take Saudi seat on UN Security Council	Jordan elected to UN security council seat that Saudi Arabia rejected	3
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.	2.800
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.	3.000
A bear is running from two dogs.	A bear is fighting wolves.	1.400
The man is in a deserted field.	The man is outside in the field.	4.000000
It's about the baggage attached.	It's not the same thing.	0
A man is dancing.	A rat is running.	0.000
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.	Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.	2.6
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.	A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.	2.200
A woman slices a lemon.	A man is talking into a microphone.	0.000
A passenger train coming into a station.	A passenger train sits in the station.	2.4
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."	"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.	4.600
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse, officials vow	Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse	4
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.	3.200
Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan	Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital	3.00
People are playing baseball.	The cricket player hit the ball.	0.500
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.	A dog pants while standing in the woods.	1.40
A white dog running on sand.	A white dog runs on the sand.	5.00
but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white.	but it seems it would have less "impact" if they didn't call him white.	2.2
A man is riding a bicycle.	A monkey is riding a bike.	2.000
It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.	On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person.	4.20
There is nothing wrong with the phrase "simple sample service".	The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a "simple example service".	3.40
A man is playing a football.	A man is maneuvering a soccer ball with his feet.	2.000
Train going down the tracks.	A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.	3.8
Someone is seasoning eggs.	Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.	3.600
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons. 	this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms.	4
A group of people eat at a table outside.	Group of elderly people sitting around a table.	2.8
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.	2.750
The train sits at the train station.	A train parked at a train station.	4.6
Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters	Iraq backs Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporters	4.8
Stocks soar on Wall St lead	Stocks slump on Wall Street	1.6
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.	A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house	4.80
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.	A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.	1.00
Afghan police kill 5 Taliban fighters	5 Taliban, 5 Afghan police killed in ambushes	2.2
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.	Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.	3.500
A woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid.	The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.	4.000
Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.	Just so long as the tax is paid.	3.8
Two men on boat floating on the water.	Large green boat floating on water.l.	2.4
4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan	2.6
A man is riding a horse.	A man is driving a car.	1.400
There is no war in the Middle east.	There is no "WAR" in the middle east.	4.6
A woman is peeling a potato.	A lion is walking around.	0.000
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."	"I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said.	4.600
A black dog running in the snow.	A black dog running on a beach.	1.80
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.	1.600
Two birds are perched on a metal band.	Two small birds perched on a metal bar.	4
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty. 	russia ratified the amended treaty.	5
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria	2.4
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.	The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.	1.6
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.	A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.	2.2
Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked	Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked	4.60
Obama signs up for Obamacare	Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline	1.2
indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region. 	indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.	5
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.	Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.	0
Head of CIA resigns over affair	Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati	0
Two young women shear a sheep.	Two women sheering a sheep.	4.4
To give this an answer:	I'll answer this question:	4
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Syria, opposition agree 'in principle' to attend peace conference	3
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.	Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.	4.333
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.	Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.	0.40
Search leader urges caution in findings related to missing Malaysian jetliner	Searchers hoping pings come from lost Malaysian airliner	1
The answer to both questions is: Yes.	The answer to both of your questions is yes.	5
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty. 	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.	4.2
I am not sure this is the right site for the question.	I am not sure this question would have made much sense to the Romans themselves.	2
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.	3.800
A cat is watching a TV.	A man is slicing a leave.	0.000
A man is feeding a mouse to a snake.	The man is feeding a mouse to the snake.	5.000
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.	The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.	3.000
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.	Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.	4.60
A woman covers a piece of meat with flour.	A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.	3.000
China stocks open lower on Wednesday	China's stocks close lower on Monday	2.60
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.	1.400
Greece votes in crucial election	Greece looks set for repeat election	1.8
Red October standing by.	Red Fox standing by.	2
Dali painting stolen from gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery	3.8
Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.	The California was a cargo ship.	4
Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions	EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions	1.6
A car backs out of a space.	A car is taking reverse.	2.400
It rather depends on which country you're in.	That depends on which country you are in.	5
A guy is playing hackysack	A man is playing a key-board.	1.000
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.	Four people eating dessert around a table.	3.8
Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic	Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic	4
A horse rider is riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.	3.4
The baby laughed in his car seat.	A baby is laughing.	3.100
Top Asian News at 4:00 p.m. GMT	Top Asian News 8:39 a.m. GMT	3
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20	4.6
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey	Turkish police fight protesters, clear square	4.40
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.	A red double decker bus driving down a street.	5
The black bird is sitting on the ground.	The bird is sitting on the branch.	2.5
Attack kills 12 in Afghanistan	NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack	2.40
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.	Two black dogs are playing in a grass.	3.00
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.	A group of people stand and wait to see something.	3.40
UN Chemical Weapons Experts to Visit Syria	US Says Chemical Weapons Used in Syria	2.00
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.	3.250
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.	3.400
Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film	Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests	2.8
5 people buried in Colorado avalanche	'5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche'	2.8
New World Trade Centre tallest building in US	One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building	4.6
Quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off Indonesia's Sumatra - USGS	Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island	3
A man is cutting an onion.	A man is cutting a plantain.	3.667
Someone is cracking an egg open.	A man is breaking an egg.	3.000
A dog is jumping on a trampoline.	A dog bounces on a trampoline.	4.800
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.	5.000
Pranab stresses need to strive for peace by nations	WTO: India regrets action of developed nations	0
The boy is playing the piano.	The woman is pouring oil into the pan.	0.000
Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin	Obama canceled meeting with Putin	4
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls	US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls	4.20
The women are trying to sell something to the individual.	The men are trying to make some money.	1.200000
TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims	Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse'	3.8
A man is catching a ball.	A cat is rubbing against a baby.	0.000
Syrian forces storm central town	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war	2.5
Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape	Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing	1.8
Zombies parading around eating brains.	The zombies are eating flesh together.	3.400000
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.	The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.	4.200
the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states. 	the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member	3.8
Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels	Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province	2.6
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	Imagine a place with % men and % women.	1
US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack	NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	3.8
Monty Python to reunite for new show	Monty Python to reunite on stage	4.00
Israel bars Palestinians from Jerusalem's Old City	Two-state solution between Palestinians, Israel pie in sky	1
Two men wearing traditional clothing is standing outside.	Three women wearing black vests and gray shirts are talking outside of a building.	2.000000
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.	Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.	4.200
Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs	Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit	4
Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	8 dead, 11 missing in SW China landslide	0.6
Iran, a large important partner for Russia: Novak	Iran reiterates support for Iraq, Syria	0
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt. 	zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy.	4.4
The president is not really all that important for German people.	The function of the german president is almost just representative.	4.00
This is the tip I find most useful:	Something like this is useful:	3
A woman is cutting tofu.	A woman is cutting an onion.	2.400
It's not a good idea.	It's not just a good idea, it's an excellent idea.	1
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.	State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.	3.500
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	"These are dark days for our industry," the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.	3.500
A man is riding a bicycle.	A man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot.	3.250
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state	Obama lashes North Korea as weak ‚Äėpariah state‚Äô	3.80
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons. 	china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.	4.4
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.	A television with a show on.	0
A child is playing a computer game.	A boy is playing a game on a laptop.	3.091
Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut	Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut	4.2
Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela	Obama to meet with Mandela family	4.60
Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians vote on divisive constitution	3.8
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	"But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm."	3.400
China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012	China's defence spending to rise 11.2%	4
A woman is removing skin from some meat.	A woman is slicing a tomato.	1.200
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.	3.250
Dominus, plural Domini, in ancient Rome, “master,” or “owner,” particularly of slaves.	A greek-speaking slave (δούλος, doulos) I think would call his master κύριος (translit: kurios; lord, master, sir; vocative form: κύριε).	2.20
Malaysia sets May 5 as date for closely contested election	Malaysia sets date for landmark elections	3.4
I was in a similar situation.	I had a similar situation.	5
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down	Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison	1.40
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.	3.400
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home	46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home	1.80
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.	Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.	1.750
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.	A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.	4.60
Three die after car crash at Tian'anmen	Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square	4.6
President heading to Bahrain	President Xi: China to continue help to fight Ebola	0
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.	Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.	3.000
no missile evidence.	no missile witnesses.	3.2
A close up of a brown faced cat.	A close up of an ostrich face.	0.6
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite	Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'	2.40
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	0
Demolition work begins on Don Valley Stadium	Demolition work to begin at stadium	3.2
London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'	London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle	4.2
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.	On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.	3.000
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison. 	djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.	0.6
The man is playing the piano.	The man is playing the guitar.	1.600
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.	1.750
World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China	Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote	0.00
A boy played a keyboard.	A person is playing a piano keyboard.	3.200
A deer jumps a fence.	A deer is jumping over a fence.	5.00
Someone is sitring noodles in water.	A woman is boiling noodles in water.	3.200
Clean the urinated zone with vinegar (I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten).	Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area.	1.40
Breivik drops far-right salute in court	Breivik gets 21-year sentence	1
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359	Indian building collapse death toll rises to 72	0.8
Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll	Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls	3.4
There's not a lot you can do about that.	I really do not think there is much you can do about that.	5
The lady looks sad because no one is buying her wares.	The lady is selling things.	2.000000
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	4.000
A herd of deer are crossing the street.	A herd of caribou are crossing a road.	3.000
US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot	Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot	3.4
A woman walking down the side of a highway.	A man is standing on one feet on a bridge.	0.400000
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.	4.250
Calif man pleads not guilty in girl kidnap case	Calif. man pleads not guilty in terrorism case	2.2
You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.	You don't need sauce at all.	0
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.	3.400
a train rides on his tracks.	The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.	3
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.	3.400
A woman is cutting broccoli.	A woman is slicing broccoli.	5.000
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15	Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid	1
A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup.	A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off.	2.533
PM in Tehran, asks NAM to take clear stand on Syria	Manmohan in Tehran, asks NAM to take a stand on Syria	3.8
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.	"He hasn't got much choice," said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.	2.000
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A brown horse in a green field.	3.8
Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks	Iran vows to preserve "peaceful" nuclear program	1.6
Living room or den with large screen television.	Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.	3.2
Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.	http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following.	1.20
I'm thinking it's a bad idea. 	I think it's a bad idea.	5
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.	Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.	3.500
A woman is wrapping tofu.	A woman is balling dough.	1.400
A man is playing with frogs	A cat is playing with a camera.	0.750
A person is chopping coriander leaves.	A woman is slicing up some green leaves.	2.250
A cat is playing with a watermelon on a floor.	A man is pouring oil into a pan.	0.000
Nelson Mandela hospital release reports 'incorrect'	Nelson Mandela Goes Home After Hospital Stay	2
A man practicing boxing	A man practices boxing	5.00
Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary	Russian air force's 100th anniversary	4.4
UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria	NZ to increase exports to China	0.2
A boat sails along the water.	The man is playing the guitar.	0.000
The two dogs were in the pen.	The cowboy rode his horse in the desert.	0.000
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.	A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.	4.400
A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is riding a horse.	0.500
A group of people standing outside of a building.	A large group of people have formed a line outside.	3.20
A man is kicking pots of water.	A man is picking flowers.	0.400
A man puts a knife in a vice.	A man is dancing.	0.250
Five kids are standing in front of a tent.	People are out sitting in front of a garden.	0.600000
A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman is adding oil to a dish.	0.250
Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire	4.20
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.	3.750
A woman puts a garland over a man's shoulders.	A man pours water over a pilots head.	0.500
Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win	Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win	0.40
Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years	2.4
iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes. 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	3.6
A woman is cooking broccoli.	A man is eating his food.	0.500
A man dives into a pool.	A man is diving into a pool.	5.000
A multi-colored train on a track.	A mostly black train on a track.	2.8
US says ready to help blind Chinese activist	U.S. ready to help Chinese activist: official	3.4
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.	4.500
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.	A flat screen TV on the floor.	4
Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse	Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse	1.60
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race. 	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.	1.4
A baby panda goes down a slide.	A panda slides down a slide.	4.400
Two U.S. soldiers killed in "insider" attack in Afghanistan	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan	0.8
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.	A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.	4.2
A woman pours oil into a skillet from a plastic bottle while she is talking.	An older woman is pouring oil into a skillet on the stove.	3.800
If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.	This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...	0.60
Does he have supporters?	He definently has supporters.	2
Two horses standing in a pen.	A group of horses grazing in a field.	1.6
You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start.	You will have to start with the clinic., and maybe move on to the insurance company.	1
Back in the day, "cable" was used to describe communications sent abroad.	The word "cable" has its origins in the days of the telegraph.	3.00
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.	3.400
A young boy is riding a bike.	A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy	0.40
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.	A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.	2.80
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela	US presidents pay tribute to Mandela	1.6
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.	3.000
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.	2.500
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.	Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.	4
South Africa mine clash kills at least 30	South Africa train crash kills 26	0.8
A man is playing the guitar.	A person is slicing a meat into pieces.	0.000
Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma, 1 dead	Tornadoes hit Kan., Okla.; no injuries reported	3.20
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.	A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.	3.00
A turtle walks over the ground.	A large turtle crawls in the grass.	3.750
A boat is on the water near a small plane.	A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.	3.4
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633	Egyptian death toll rises to 638	0.60
This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics.	This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.	0.60
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.	A man jumps off a rock into the water	1.33
Syria’s chemical weapons could end up at sea	US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea	2.4
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria	US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons	3.4
Waba emerges new NLC president	Waiting for the next president	1
the center will be operational in august 2008. 	the center will formally open in 2009.	2.2
China, India vow to further bilateral ties	China Scrambles to Reassure Jittery Stock Traders	0
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.	1.500
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.	0.800
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	2
The yard has a dog.	The dog is running after another dog.	1.600000
A woman is slicing an onion.	Someone is slicing a onion.	3.250
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide	The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.	2.60
Woman dies after abortion refusal	Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset	0.6
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.	3.200
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.	The birds are swimming in the water.	0.8
A woman is shooting a gun.	A woman shoots a shotgun.	4.091
Government promises action on Heathrow queues	Finance minister promises no new taxes	0.4
Red double decker bus on side of street.	A red double decker bus on a city street.	4.4
The fruits should be eaten with lemon juice in order to prevent oxidation in your stomach.	three dogs growling On one another	0.000000
Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons.	The USSR growth rate during the 50's was not exceptionally high.	1.00
A person is slicing a scallop.	A person is slicing octopus.	2.000
A woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife.	A woman is slicing onions with a large knife.	4.200
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.	3.750
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.	4.800
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects	Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'	2.00
Obama team raises debate stakes	Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate	2.8
ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa	Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive	4.33
US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan	US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan	2.4
A boy is playing with a toy.	A boy plays a handheld game.	3.000
A man plays the keyboard with his nose.	The man is playing the piano with his nose.	4.400
Five kittens are eating out of five dishes.	Kittens are eating food on trays.	2.750
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.	A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.	0.40
A red and white bus drives down an England street.	A red and white England bus drives down the street.	4.4
A man pours oil on some tomatos.	The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes.	3.800
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.	3.000
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.	By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.	3.400
West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks	Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks	2.6
PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach	Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach	5.00
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son	Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'	4.20
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program. 	in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.	4.6
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage. 	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.	3
The elephants sprayed water on themselves.	Elephants spray themselves with water.	3.600
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.	4.000
To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption.	There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this.	0.00
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.	0.800
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the flute.	2.200
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a piano.	2.000
religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?	Isn't that redundant and repetetive?	3.2
Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical	Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen	1.40
There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.	3
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Gusmao powers on in East Timor	3.6
You might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him.	My advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like.	2
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue. 	chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.	2.2
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.	4.4
Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum	Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum	3.8
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000	Death toll in Nepal earthquake tops 8,000	3
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.	1.750
Six children are cleaning a room.	Two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot.	1.600000
You have to define the problem before attempting a solution.	Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again, I start skimming.	0.00
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."	She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.	2.800
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank	Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid	1.20
Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen	Nigeria: University Bombed in North	2.2
A man is dragging a dead deer.	A man is jumping into water from a cliff.	0.800
A man is lifting a car.	A man is climbing a wall.	1.400
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin. 	the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.	2.4
Volkswagen skids into red in wake of pollution scandal	Volkswagen's "gesture of goodwill" to diesel owners	2
NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly	NYPD's twitter campaign backfires	4.80
Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord	Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord	3.6
A man is smoking.	A man is mixing.	0.200
Five men jump into a swimming pool.	A group of swimmers fall into a pool.	2.800
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.	Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.	3.800
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.	Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.	3.250
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47	1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45	2.80
A man is riding a mechanical bull.	A man rode a mechanical bull.	4.000
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".	"However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	3.200
France warns Syria over chemical weapons use	U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons	2.2
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.	A person jumping a motorbike in the air.	2.2
Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	3.00
The couple danced in the church.	A couple slow dances.	3.200
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case	Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing	4.80
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.	The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.	2.588
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.	3.750
You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.	-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.	0.8
A woman is dicing a potato.	A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces.	1.800
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.	Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.	3.000
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.	A girl sitting in a living chair.	0.8
Four black dogs run across the grass.	A dog runs across the grassy field.	2.00
A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a horse.	1.400
Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering	Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa	1.4
Two females jump off of swings.	Two girls jump out of swings.	4.60
I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.4
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.	4.8
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	2.500
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide	Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack	0.40
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.	Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.	3.200
"Would you like to pay for others health care?"	"Would you like to wear your seatbelt?"	0
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.	3.200
A woman is cutting potato.	A woman is riding a horse.	0.750
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said.	4.200
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.	A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.	2.40
The lady put the skewered shimp in the hot water.	The lady fried the breaded meat in hot oil.	1.600
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.	In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.	3.333
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.	1.53333333333333
They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same.	Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.	2.60
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.	Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.	1.400
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area. 	beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.	3.8
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.	A passenger plane parked on a runway.	3.2
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.	4.4
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.	Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.	3.600
What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013	2.33
The tan dog runs through the leaves.	The white dog runs through the ocean.	1.80
A woman runs on the beach.	a dog runs across the land.	1.80
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.	Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	4.2
And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.	Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base.	0.6
brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry. 	unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.	3.8
I don't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers.	I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology.	3.80
I'm so sorry to hear this Kelly.	I'm so sorry, Kelly.	4
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.	3.750
Mali's President Hands in Resignation	Mali's President Formally Resigns	4.6
Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal	Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid	1.20
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.	A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.	4.60
A man and woman are Bollywood dancing.	A man an woman are dancing in the rain.	1.667
SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?	SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station	3.8
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.	The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	3.750
Delhi gang rape victim dies in Singapore hospital	Delhi gang rape victim flown to Singapore hospital	3.4
A man is jumping rope outside.	A woman is slicing a cucumber.	0.000
A cat is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar.	0.600
World's oldest man dies at 116	World's oldest ever man dies aged 116	4.60
Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China	Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China	5
A couple holds a baby.	Couple with newborn baby.	4.2
A girl is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing a key-board between the people.	1.000
A woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board.	A woman is feeding her baby with a bottle.	0.500
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.	The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.	4.500
Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas	Spain turning back the clock on siestas	0
A woman riding a brown horse.	A woman taking her own photo from above.	0.2
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.	A young girl standing in front of a fountain	4.00
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a piano.	1.600
A girl is making eyelid.	A woman is applying eyeshadow.	2.000
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.	2.400
Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions	Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions	2.4
Someone is pouring oil into a skillet.	Someone is pouring milk into a blender.	1.600
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.	4.6
A girl is jumping.	A boy is rock climbing.	0.60
A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	A band is playing instruments.	1.250
The dogs are chasing a cat.	The dogs are chasing a black cat.	4.400000
Man sitting on a bench drink from a mug surrounded by rugs.	A man is sitting on one of two red benches and staring into a kiosk.	2.200000
A group of people eat at a table outside.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	3.2
A man is working on his farm.	An old guy is working on his farm and a cow kicks him.	2.800000
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.	The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.	4.00
Someone is frying meat.	Someone is playing paino.	0.250
Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal	Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal	0.4
Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France	Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain	1.6
Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91	Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91	4.8
A woman is slicing fruit.	Two women are slicing some lemons.	2.000
U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria's chemical weapons	China welcomes US, Russia deal on Syria chemical weapons	3
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.	A boy is walking across a bridge.	3.000
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai	4.6
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze	1
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.	4.750
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	3.750
US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks	US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release	4.6
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan	2.6
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013	2.00
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS	5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS	1.6
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.	An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.	4.200
A man is cutting a paper.	A person is tearing paper.	2.583
A black and white cow looking through the fence.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	1
Iran official: US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks	Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks	2.60
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space. 	the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force.	3.8
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	4.400
I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.	As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution.	2.20
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue. 	china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.	4.2
Two little girls are talking on the phone.	A little girl is walking down the street.	0.500
What is a girl douche?	You are a girl douche.	1.4
A woman is adding spices on a meat.	Woman is adding sugar to meat.	2.750
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.	3.400
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.	The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	3.000
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.	Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.	4.727
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.	A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.	4.00
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement	Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal	1.80
Young boys running along the pavement.	A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.	0.50
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Usually I get pretty decent care.	I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights they are crack ups.	3.4
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.	A small white car parked at the gas station.	0.6
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.	3.200
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.	A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.	1.60
tirana is the capital of 	abuja is the capital of	1
A man is being put into an abulance.	A man is pouring pasta onto a plate.	0.000
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.	That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.	4.000
A dog has a sweater on.	A man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat.	0.600000
Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers in Nigeria kill 24	Suspected Boko Haram attacks kill dozens in Nigeria	4
Nadal tumbles into French Open final	Nadal through to seventh French Open final	4
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.	A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.	1
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off Indonesia	6.9-magnitude quake strikes off Russia's Kuril Islands	1.00
Helicopter crashes near rail station in London	Helicopter crashes in London	4
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.	1.4
Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses	Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses	4.8
A man dries his hands.	A woman fixes her hair.	0.250
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.	A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.	2.20
Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary	Romney wins Illinois primary	1.5
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch	A dog jumps through a hoop.	3.20
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.	The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.	1.750
Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery	3.00
A cheetah is running behind its prey.	A cheetah chases prey on across a field.	4.400
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.	Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.	1.6
A mostly black train on a track.	A car parked in front of train tracks.	1
A woman is slicing up some meat.	A woman is slicing some onions.	2.000
A woman is riding on a horse.	A woman is picking tomatoes.	0.500
Scuba diver submerged in water.	The scuba diver is underwater.	5.00
A woman is dancing.	A woman is kneading dough.	0.400
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests sweep Brazil despite concession	5.00
A kid is playing guitar.	A boy is playing a guitar.	3.800
India starts voting in world's largest election	India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election	5.00
What if they messed up a study?	What if they had a personal bias?	1
Some children are jumping on Trampoline.	Two boy are playing on a trampoline.	3.000
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	3
U.S. files espionage charges agains NSA leaker	US files espionage charges against Snowden over leaks	3.8
Two women shopping at a clothing store.	Two women in a clothing store.	4.6
Imran blames rival for colleague murder	Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member	4.20
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.	2.000
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public	US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors	2.40
A young girl riding a brown horse.	A woman in riding a brown horse.	3.8
Nigeria plane crash: No survivors	4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims	2.6
I don't think it makes any tremendous difference.	I don't think it makes much difference.	4
A man is playing guitar.	A man is draining pasta.	0.400
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.	3.000
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs are playing in the water.	2.60
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer	Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.	1.40
Coroner: Whitney Houston died in bathtub	Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub	4.5
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21	3.00
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.	two motorbikes on a dirt track.	3.4
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful. 	the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.	5
Kardashian Divorce Ready for Trial	Hard-hit hotels ready for price war	0
Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in	Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey	1
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.	Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.	3.8
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast	4
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.	NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.	2.909
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.	2.00
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union. 	the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.	4
A man making a bed in a hotel.	A man is holding a animal.	0.800
A man is opening a box using a knife.	A man is playing a guitar.	0.000
Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching.	Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.	1.80
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.	2.200
Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six	Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt	3.2
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.	Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.	3.400
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground	0.40
Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct	Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales	2.6
Two cats are looking at a window.	A white cat looking out of a window.	2.6
Syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb, kill 5	Hunting for clues in Boston bombing	0.40
A woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl.	A young girl is singing on a stage.	0.000
Soggy solstice: Stonehenge gets soaking	Summer solstice celebrated at Stonehenge despite rain	3.2
@Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you.	@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you.	2.5
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.	3.250
No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.	Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian.	2.4
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	4.60
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.	3.600
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	A close-up of a horse.	1.2
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan	3.8
Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release	US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release	1.60
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president	4.4
Britain reaches out to Syria opposition	Who cares about the Syrian people?	1.2
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.	A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.	3.750
A few possible problems: 1) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive.	In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH.	0.40
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes	Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead	0.80
A lion is playing with people.	A lion is playing with two men.	3.400
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120	Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119	3.80
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets. 	the western governments include the united states and france.	0.4
A person is cutting mushrooms.	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.	4.200
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.	A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.	2.80
Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub	Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash	5
The man is playing the wooden flute.	A little boy is vacuuming the floor.	0.000
A woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass.	A woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon.	3.600
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china. 	court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.	3.4
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.	A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.	0.40
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.	Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.	4.2
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.	2.333
The woman is measuring the other woman.	The lady measured the other woman's ankle.	3.200
If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.	If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own.	3
a man working at the steel mill	A man working in a foundry.	3.400000
I have no problem with those that have money!	I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here!	0.2
Brief clashes with police in Belfast	Mourners clash with police in Tunisia	1.2
Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking	Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize	3.6
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.	Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.	4.80
Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers	Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers	4.8
Black train on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks.	4.1
I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.	I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.	4.00
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.	5.00
A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is cutting meat.	2.000
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.	2.250
Protesters clash with police in Caracas	Protesters Clash with Police in Brazil	3.80
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.	The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.	2.500
Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new	Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer	4
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.	Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.	4.500
There are four people outside.	Five people are outside.	3.000000
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	2.5
US closes embassy in Syria (AP)	Closed roads in Armenia	0.4
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks	Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks	2.40
Indian police round up all five suspects in Mumbai rape case	Mumbai police arrest fifth suspect in gang-rape case	3.8
Two brown dogs are biting each other.	Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.	4.20
US Supreme Court limits president's recess appointments power	High court checks President's recess appointment power	5
Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.	Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety.	2.40
Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday	China stocks open lower Friday	2.4
North Korea Warns Foreigners in South, Advising Evacuation	North Korea warns foreigners in South to evacuate	5
Iraq Releases Suspected Hezbollah Operative Wanted By U.S.	Iraq Said to Release Hezbollah Operative	3.2
U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate	U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill	3.4
Two French journalists killed in Mali	France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali	5.00
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.	2.800
'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'	Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes	4.4
Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year	Stansted: Ryanair reports 13% rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year	3.4
the people are running a marathon	People are running a marathon	5.000000
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.	It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.	4.250
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.	1.500
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed	Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut	3.20
Medics transport a patient on a stretcher.	A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher.	3.400
A person is slicing a bread pieces.	A man is slicing bread.	3.200
. Sinful people do not get to heaven.	Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.	1.8
South Korea Says North Fired Missiles	North Korea launches short-range missiles	2.2
Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report	Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO	4.2
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region	4.40
runs victim down Got any proof?	paranoid Got any proof?	1
Georgian PM's ally to become president - exit poll	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls	4.60
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.	A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.	2.750
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.	Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.	3.400
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed	Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie	1.40
A woman is frying something.	A woman is riding a horse.	0.600
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.	1.800
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins	Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat	4
AU leaders meet for Africa Day	Egypt Youth Leader Detained for Four Days	0.6
The government does not determine if you are married or not.	The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married.	3.6
Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall	Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall	4.8
A car is moving through a road.	A car is driving down the road.	4.000
China stocks end higher on PMI at midday	Chinese stocks open higher Thursday	1.8
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.	An office with multiple desks and green walls.	3.4
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.	A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.	3.80
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.	2.750
A girl jumps on a car.	A girl is jumping onto a car.	4.800
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.	4.200
Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank	100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby	2.2
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	Two dogs running through a grassy field.	4.80
A baby holds a ketchup packet.	A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.	4
China on high alert for typhoon Kalmaegi	China issues yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaegi	4
A woman is cutting flowers.	A man is holding huge sunflowers.	1.000
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine	Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine	1.80
Conspiracy against me - Lance	Day begins amid panic	0.2
A woman is cooking eggs.	A woman is cooking something.	3.000
Barack Obama's personal evolution on same-sex marriage	Obama backs same-sex marriage	2.6
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.	A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.	2.6
sharia is islamic law. 	iran is an islamic republic .	1.2
I visited Peru in August, starting from Lima and touring for three weeks.	Cusco: High: 70F Low: 40F This is just before the rainy season (Dec-Mar) and crowds are general less.	0.20
A kid sits on a soccer ball outside.	A kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park.	4.200000
"We are expending all available resources toward the investigation," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.	"We are aware of the situation," said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.	2.667
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.	0
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official	3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid	0.40
Egypt swears in new interim leader	Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood	0.6
A man is speaking.	A man is spitting.	0.636
A man is smoking.	A baby is sucking on a pacifier.	0.000
The man cut down a tree with an axe.	A man chops down a tree with an axe.	5.000
Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape	Chinese general’s son gets 10 years’ jail for gang-rape	4.2
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.	4.250
A man is playing the cello.	A man seated is playing the cello.	4.250
Try switching to rats; weanling rats if you need something smaller.	As mentioned in previous answers, rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice.	3.40
the matter is delicate. 	the iaea report is restricted.	0
A white plane on the runway.	A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.	4
A dog walks along a beach with breaking waves.	A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach.	1.000000
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert	Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian 'Provocation'	1.20
Maybe this could work for you.	Maybe this can work for you.	5
President mourns death of Mandela	World mourns passing of Mandela	3.40
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.	Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.	2.750
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.	3.800
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Yes, you can do exactly what you want to do.	1
China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper	China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption	0.6
A man dives off of a cliff.	A man is riding a motorcycle.	0.667
The man is playing the drums.	A man is playing drums.	5.000
Egypt's presidential election begins	Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law	2.80
A woman is slicing big pepper.	A dog is moving its mouth.	0.000
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road	2.60
Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners	2.8
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs	Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul	5.00
No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra	5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS	1.6
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week. 	the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.	4.8
Woman killed by falling debris	When an ally declines	0
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery	5
I have a few Nikon lenses, and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots.	If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole.	1.80
Chinese, Russian FMs exchange opinions on Ukraine crisis	Chinese president arrives in Argentina for state visit	0.20
A woman is brushing some shrimp.	A woman brushes some shrimp.	5.000
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?	1.8
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".	"The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators," Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.	3.400
Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs	Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities	2.6
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.	A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.	5.00
In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent).	Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level.	3.60
This is a very unusual request.	This sounds a bit unusual.	3
4 dead, 3 injured in east China road accident	2 dead, 8 injured in central Israel traffic accident	0
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	3.800
UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid	UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid	4.8
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.	The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.	3.800
The short answer is: we are made from the "stuff" contributed by many stars.	It is highly unlikely that we're made out of stuff from only one star.	3.20
A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is cutting an onion.	2.750
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	1
Rimsha Masih released on bail	Mandela released from hospital	0
That would make you partially responsible for their death.	That would make you a sort of accessory, I think.	3
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.	The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.	3.500
Yes it is common!	The simple answer is yes!	3
A man is serving cake.	A man seasoning quail.	0.750
Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled	Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled	5.00
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.	Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.	3.4
First post office savings bank ATM opens in Chennai	India's first post office savings bank ATM inaugurated in Chennai	4
The man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach.	A man is taking pictures of a lake.	2.200
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.	A black and white dog frolics in the snow.	2.60
Bomb blast kills 10 in southwest Pakistan	Major quake kills 39 in Pakistan	1
A boy takes off his sunglasses.	A boy is screaming.	0.500
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed. 	bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.	3.8
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.	4.000
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.	The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.	3.500
A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.	4.250
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.	A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.	0.00
A person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling.	A person throws a cat on the ceiling.	5.000
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.	I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.	4.000
Yet you didn't have to declare it.	And you didn't have to.	2
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.	Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.	2.400
A man is playing the guitar.	The man played his guitar with a friend.	3.200
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia	Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali	3.75
Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner (rather than privately or discreetly) is a personality problem.	I think for an appropriate answer I'd need to know exactly what the 'bad' ideology is.	1.20
I was in a similar situation.	I am in a similar situation.	4
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.	Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.	2.750
123 killed in fighting in northern Syria	Many killed in Syrian air strike	3
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.	Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.	2.800
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.	"But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," he said.	3.500
A man is holding a frog.	A man is emptying a plastic container.	0.600
A man chops down a tree with an axe.	A man cut a tree with an axe.	4.750
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa	9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement	5
It's not a good idea.	Not a good idea.	5
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29	2.00
Clashes erupt as Islamists push back in Egypt	Coptic priest shot dead in Egypt attack	1.4
Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank	Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank	4.8
There are a few things I think you should do.	There are a few things I don't understand:	0
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.	One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.	3.750
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.	0.800
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.	Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.	4.000
Nelson Mandela taken to hospital	Nelson Mandela released from hospital	1.6
A skier is falling into the snow.	A skier is falling face first into the snow.	4.00
A man is assembling speaker parts.	A man is playing the guitar.	1.000
South Africa Admits Mistake Over 'Schizophrenic' Mandela Signer	South Africa admits possible 'mistake' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial	3.2
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.	While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.	4.000
Children play fight with swords.	A child and parent pet a horse.	0.00
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.	3.600
China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US	China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights	3.20
A man is running.	A man is singing.	1.250
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.	3.000
China stocks close lower on Friday	China stocks close higher on Wednesday	1.8
Chinese president meets Indian vice president	Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary	1.60
Maldives team in India to observe an election	Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins	0.6
I have noticed most cats don't lick people a great deal.	Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things.	3.00
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison. 	dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.	1.8
Close up of a bottle of water.	A close up view of a bottle of water.	4.4
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	3.750
Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'	Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'	4.20
13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire	Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque	4.6
Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash	Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash	1.6
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said.	3.250
Two kids are playing a game of Foosball.	The kids are playing a game with each other.	3.400000
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.	Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.	3.600
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.	Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.	4.200
Yemen: Fighting in north kills over 120	Janet Yellen: Five things you might not know	0.00
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	Two dogs are playing together in the grass.	2.20
someone is slicing a vegetable.	Someone is slicing a tomato.	3.000
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.	Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.	3.600
The man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle.	A man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword.	5.000
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.	Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.	3.000
Polls close in Egyptian presidential election	Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election	0.8
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.	From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."	4.000
A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round.	White fish are, as a rule, more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish.	1.40
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	A woman is cutting some vegetables.	1.800
What was the "answer" in Chicago?	What will be the response in California?	1.2
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.	A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.	0.00
Syria rejects US, UK chemical arms claims	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons	2.6
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.	1
EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe	EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe	3
A man played the piano.	A man plays a piano.	4.000
Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections	Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election	3.8
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.	Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.	3.000
A woman riding a brown horse.	A girl riding a brown horse.	4
Animals are playing in water.	Two men are playing ping pong.	0.000
Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case	Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case	1.4
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.	A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.	2.60
Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?	Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics?	3.2
Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan	3.4
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.	Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.	2.800
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95	Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95	5.00
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.	A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.	0.00
A man crouching and holding a camera.	The crouching man is holding a large camera.	4.60
Two kids are swimming.	Six kids are going swimming.	2.800000
Miss New York wins Miss America crown	Miss New York is crowned Miss America	5
Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question.	Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too.	1.00
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.	A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.	5.00
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest	Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters	2.80
Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people	Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75	3
A man is playing a large flute.	A man is playing a flute.	3.800
The white ducks are standing on the ground.	A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.	0
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.	2.800
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.	Black and brown table in living room setting.	3.2
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli	Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed	3.8
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.	The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.	0.20
A plane is taking off.	An air plane is taking off.	5.000
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack	Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack	3.00
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.	1.667
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town	UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan	4.60
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.	Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.	4.000
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.	3.000
Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled.	If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice.	0.60
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.	2.500
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial	Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial	3.00
Turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest	Turkish PM Erdogan says "duty" to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest	1
many of the attacks originated abroad. 	estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.	1.8
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.	The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.	3.533
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.	A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.	3.8
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.	A shirtless man catches a football	4.40
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.	A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.	0.00
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.	a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.	3.00
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility. 	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.	4
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.	Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.	5
the cfe is very important for european security. 	the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.	5
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.	A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	3.2
If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem.	If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.	2.2
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve	Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election	2.20
Three guys playing a pro game of basketball.	two guys playing a game of baseball.	2.400000
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan	Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan	0.80
I've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn.	Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer.	1.60
A woman is using a sewing machine.	A woman is sewing on a machine.	5.000
Algeria hostage crisis ends; death toll unclear	Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath	3.8
The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!	The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!	4.4
A woman is slicing a lemon.	A man is showing a bread.	0.250
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.	MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.	3.500
The dogs are playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing on the shore.	1.80
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons	Syria FM: We will stop producing chemical weapons	3.40
What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013	2.80
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.	A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.	0.00
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza.	3.800
A man is fishing in the river.	A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk.	0.800
Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe	Spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe	5
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin claims victory in presidential vote	4.2
A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.	A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.	4.000
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.	"But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."	4.250
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350	Bangladesh factory owners arrested	3.20
Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels	Central African Republic President, PM stepping down	2.6
'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years	Mobster "Whitey" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years	3.6
Three children playing on a floor with toys.	Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.	4.20
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.	2.000
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.	A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.	2.2
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.	1.00
Micronesia vice president to visit China	Vice President of Bolivia to visit China	2
A man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword.	A man is cutting a boot with a sword.	3.750
A young girl in a pink jacket is playing a board game.	A boy in a jacket playing.	1.600000
Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes	Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes	3.2
Spurs get revenge on Lakers, lead West	Abduct Israelis to free prisoners, Gaza leaders say	0
A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling.	A man is swinging on a rope.	3.400
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.	4.2
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime. 	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.	3.8
A man  is driving a car.	A woman dips a shrimp in batter.	0.000
A man is shooting a gun.	A man is slicing a bun.	0.800
A man is playing a harp.	A man is playing a keyboard.	1.500
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.	At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.	0.500
A dog is standing in the sand.	A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.	2.00
China strives to avoid economic traps	Insurance is key to fostering economic growth	1
Pak religious body endorses underage marriage	CII endorses underage marriage	3
The seagull is floating on the water.	A little bird floating in the water.	3.6
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons. 	drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.	2
US set for Obama inauguration	US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration	0.4
a woman with a big necklace.	A young woman with a black top and a necklace.	3.4
English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness.	I traveled around Maharashtra (including Mumbai) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English.	2.80
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.	Pieces of butter is added in the stand mixer.	3.600
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal. 	the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.	4.4
A man is doing push-ups.	A woman is cutting some octopus.	0.000
The bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl.	A bird is eating from a bowl.	3.250
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.	0.00
"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.	"Elves don't exist" - fine.	3
Daily Press Briefing: South Sudan	Daily Press Briefing: Syria	1.2
Australians flee homes amid floods	Australian speaker steps aside	0.8
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters	3.6
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.	Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.	4.000
Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million	Amazon's Bezos buys Washington Post for $250-M	4.6
Six dead in Philippine restaurant blast	6 killed in Philippines restaurant blast	5
Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes	Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes	2.00
I've started my own tool since I didn't like yWriter and Storybook.	I've tried many of the things mentioned above, but they never really worked for me.	1.60
Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave	Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave	5
A boy is checking a calender.	A boy is looking at a calendar.	3.800
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.	A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.	0.2
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	4.57142857142857
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.	Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.	3.200
California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)	California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress	3.8
Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?	Reopen Madeleine case, police urge	0.6
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.	2.000
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.	2.400
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.	2.000
You didn't mention PFA before that one post.	I didn't mention restraining order either.	0.8
A man is dancing.	A man is speaking.	1.200
Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises	Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt	0.80
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.	3.600
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.	A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.	3.4
Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan	Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan	1.4
A woman is putting on sun glasses.	A woman puts on sunglasses.	5.000
Two women walk down the sidewalk to the store.	Two women walk down the sidewalk in the afternoon.	3.800000
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.	Someone is putting ingredients into a wok.	0.750
USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row	U.S. expels Venezuelan diplomats	4.4
The woman is riding a horse.	A man is riding a horse in an arena.	2.000
You may have to experiment and find what you like.	You have to find out what works for you.	5
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.	Two women are sitting in a cafe.	2.6
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	3.800
Death toll in Colorado floods rises to four	Thousands told to evacuate in Colorado flooding	1.6
Remarks by the President at the White House Science Fair	The Presidential Planner - The White House Science Fair	2.8
the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities. 	india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems.	3.2
Syrian Opposition Urges EU to Send Arms to Rebels	Syrian opposition meets to choose interim PM	1.6
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.	4.800
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.	He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.	3.400
10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	1 dead, 39 injured in E China road accident	1.75
A man and a woman on a bench.	A man and woman sit on a park bench.	3.60
China's generous 1MDB bid seen reaping it big returns in Malaysia	China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President	0
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.	2.2
Someone is slicing a tomato.	Someone is slicing fruit.	3.200
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.	2.333
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast	2.60
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.	Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.	2.000
A girl is playing a flute.	A band is playing on a stage.	1.286
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.	The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.	2.80
Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?	@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy?	3.6
A woman is flipping pancakes.	A cartoon chef is flipping pancakes.	2.533
A group of people are sweeping water out of a house.	People are sweeping water out of a house.	5.000
US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown	Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown	4.6
Cannes thief 'steals $53m of jewels' in armed heist at hotel	Robber steals $53 million worth of jewels in Cannes, police say	3.8
The man is riding a horse.	A man is riding on a horse.	5.000
Shares Move Higher on Wall Street	Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut	0.4
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach	4.60
A boy is running on a beach.	Two boys are playing in the beach.	2.750
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks	Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks	1.40
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.	Two dogs are running through a green yard	4.20
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.	0.20
A man plays a piano.	A woman is playing the violin.	1.000
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.	A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.	0
A train is at a train station.	The train sits at the train station.	4.2
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.	A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.	0
A woman is riding an elephant.	A man is lifting himself.	0.000
Backstage Moves Intensify as Fight Against Islamic State Widens	Mixed Progress Reported in Fight Against Islamic State	2
Tunisian opposition politician shot dead	Tunisia opposition leader slain; protests erupt	3
A man is rowing a boat.	A man is slicing a tomato.	0.400
Egypt: IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin	Egypt sentences Al Jazeera journalists to jail	1
Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote	Complaints in Russian election mount	1
He hasn't been funny in years.	He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show.	3.4
A man is playing a violin.	A man is playing a harp.	1.600
Syria rebels leave besieged Homs	Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district	4.4
A woman is adding oil to a pan.	A man is pouring oil into a pan.	3.000
A black dog walking through water.	Two black dogs walking through the snow.	2.40
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.	U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.	3.200
Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people	U.S., Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative	4
Jordan Opens First Tent Camp for Syrian Refugees	Jordan Opens First Refugee Camp for Syrians	4.8
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.	A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.	0.20
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.	They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.	5.000
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism. 	iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.	3.8
A man is slicing potatoes.	A woman is peeling potato.	2.200
You don't have to know.	You don't have to do anything to season it.	0
A man playing a video game in a store.	Man playing game in a store.	3.4
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.	But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.	3.000
Three dogs play in a grassy field.	Some kids play in a field.	1.20
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.	officers have told me its bad for you.	2.2
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two kids playing with a dog.	1.20
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.	2.8
UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash	China police seek eight suspects over crash	1
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue	2.2
You don't need to know everything.	They just don't want you to know it.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	0.800
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies	Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66	4.60
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea	N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea	2.80
Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade	Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street	3.8
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies	3.6
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.	The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.	4.000
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.	Small office space with bright green walls.	3.8
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.	3.000
The man cut a paper plate.	A man is cutting a paper plate.	4.800
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.	Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.	4.000
A man is riding on a horse.	A girl is riding a horse.	2.600
"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.	This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."	3.500
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.	Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.	3.600
Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger	Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border	1
What the Pope's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks	Pope’s butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks	3.4
A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is filing her nails.	1.250
Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach	Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death	0.00
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.	Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.	3.2
Building collapses in India; 25 feared trapped	India building collapse kills 14; dozens trapped	3
A kid plays with a toy phone.	A little boy plays with a toy phone.	3.500
zabol is a town in southeastern iran. 	khoramabad is a city in western iran.	1.2
Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say	Inflation falls to 15-month low	4.6
the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence. 	the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire.	3.6
Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets	Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others	3.4
The baby boy wants his mother.	A baby boy is happy to see his mother.	2.800000
Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit	Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit	2.40
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.	Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.	3.200
Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation	Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter	1.8
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities	U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control	4.8
China stocks open higher Monday	China stocks close lower on Thursday	1.00
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.	A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.	0.60
A man is slicing a pepper.	A person cuts a big green pepper apart.	3.800
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia. 	arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.	2.8
A woman with a knife is slicing a pepper.	A women slicing green pepper.	4.000
A man is lifting weights.	A man is lifting a barbell.	4.200
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months. 	experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.	4.2
bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days. 	a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.	2.6
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.	3.438
A dog under the stairs	A dog is resting on the stairs.	2.200000
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.	The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.	3.40
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.	There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.	4.500
A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.	"Phoneme" is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away.	1.60
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.	3.000
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	4.2
occupied Palestinian territory: Israeli Forces Continue to Shed Palestinian Blood in oPt	occupied Palestinian territory: Israel warns on security as Gaza truce talks resume	1
According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did.	According to Zimmerman he did.	2.4
A person is chopping an herb.	A man is finely chopping a green substance.	3.000
A woman is posing for a Christmas card.	A girl is taking a photo.	1.200000
Sly Stallone's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA	Sylvester Stallone's Son Found Dead At Home	4.2
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military. 	the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.	3.2
Islamic State issues video of beheading of US hostage	Islamic State posts second propaganda video of UK hostage	3
Three dogs running in the dirt.	The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.	1.40
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals	Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup	4.80
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.	Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.	2.750
Yes, it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis.	Yes, it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal.	1
A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is playing an electric guitar.	2.200
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks	Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute	3.60
A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is cleaning a garden.	0.267
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.	Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.	4.400
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73	Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85	2.80
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.	The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.	3.250
Syrian war seen dragging on for years	Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners	1.00
A woman supervisor is instructing the male workers.	A woman is working as a nurse.	1.000000
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.	McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.	4.250
Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum.	Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	3.40
Sony to sell PC unit and cut jobs	Sony to axe PC unit in major business overhaul	3
"It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses," said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.	"Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses," said Gammerman.	3.667
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.	Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.	3.4
20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan	2.00
The man danced in the diner.	The bomb exploded in the desert.	0.000
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher	2.2
A boy is playing a key-board.	A boy is playing the piano.	3.200
Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks	Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks	1.8
The answer to your question is: It depends on how the writer works.	At first, I thought this is a bit of a tricky question.	0.80
Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight	8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight	3.8
'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia	Western powers scramble to befriend Modi	1.00
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	2.000
Egypt set to lure Gulf investors	Egypt seeks to lure investors ...	3.4
More expensive homes.	More expensive cars.	1.2
Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it.	To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.	2.00
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	David Beckham retires from football	4.4
Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa	Telstra applies to list China site in NY	0.00
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.	A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.	0
A group of people sing.	Some people are singing.	5.000
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.	Sail boat sailing on the water.	3.6
A monkey is walking on a bed.	A man is riding a horse.	0.000
CCTV of gunmen in Tunisia museum attack	19 killed in Tunis museum attack	1
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.	Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.	3.400
3 suspected extremists were released on bail. 	1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail.	2.4
A man is carrying another man.	A man sprays another man with water from a hose.	0.800
Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt?	2.6
A brown dog sits on the beach.	A dog running on the beach	2.00
A dark brown horse standing in a field.	Horse standing in a field.	3.6
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.	Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.	4.000
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.	California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.	2.800
Cats (and all animals in general) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness.	They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.	1.80
Strong earthquake hits Mexico	Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco	3.6
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims	Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions	0.00
The two dogs are running through the grass.	Three dogs run in the snow.	2.20
Newspeak, a "deliberately impoverished" language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas.	Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed.	1.00
Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	4.6
A man is slicing an onion.	A woman is slicing a pumpkin.	2.250
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	3.714
The Note's Must-Reads for Monday, November 25, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, October 8, 2013	2.6
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	3.000
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.	2.667
Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO	Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO	1
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.	3.333
A group of people dance on a hill.	A group of people are dancing.	3.200
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.	Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.	2.600
I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."	You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.	3
A man is frying a tortilla.	A person is performing a card trick.	0.000
The woman is cutting cooked octopus.	A woman is chopping octopus.	3.800
Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent	French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent	1
A man is holding a leaf.	A monkey is fighting a man.	0.000
Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner	Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday	3.8
The player shoots the winning points.	The basketball player is about to score points for his team.	2.800000
A person is boiling soup.	A woman is placing eggs into a pan.	0.250
In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.	There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.	1.80
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.	Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".	1.600
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.	A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.	1.00
A sad man is jumping over a small stream to meet his companion on the other side.	A man is jumping over a stream to meet his companion on the other side.	3.800000
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.	Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.	4.000
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.	The bird has its wings spread as it flies.	2.40
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.	4.176
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."	3.800
I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?	We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.	1.40
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.	Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.	3.600
A woman is swimming in the beach.	A woman splashes around in the ocean's waves.	3.200
Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies.	The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects: asteroids and comets.	2.00
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."	3.500
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency. 	violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.	3.2
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.	A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.	3.2
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.	2.250
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.	The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.	4.250
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.	A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.	1.8
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."	Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.	3.250
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	Three sheep in middle of gravel road.	3.4
Indonesia: Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption	Indonesia: Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption	2.8
I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn't make much sense to me.	There are some cases "status" may be accounted of countable.	2.60
A man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet.	A man removes food from a bag.	1.750
I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.	Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.	0.40
Florida The ignorance is yours!	The ignorance is yours!	3.4
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.	3
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.	The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.	2.818
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.	The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.	3.250
EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement	China no longer top investment destination: poll	1.40
The baby crawled through the doorway.	A baby is crawling across the floor.	2.400
Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others	Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others	4.6
The young boy jumps barefoot outside in the front yard.	The teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard.	0.400000
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties	Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt	4.8
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."	They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."	3.500
Homs mortar fire kills 105	Homs offensive kills 200	2.6
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.	The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	3.6
North Korea to put US citizen on trial	N Korea hit with new US sanctions	2
A woman is brushing her feet.	The sun is rising behind trees.	0.000
Butter is melting in a pan.	A man is melting butter in a pan.	3.600
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	4.500
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.	3.250
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.	The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.	2.4
Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada	Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada	2.2
A band is performing on a stage.	A band is playing onstage.	5.000
A person is playing a piano.	A person is slicing a potato.	0.500
A man is eating bread.	A man is playing flute.	0.800
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president	Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president	0.00
I don't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically.	You're going to find answers all over the map for this one (i.e., there probably aren't "standards").	2.40
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.	The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.	3.6
Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	2.2
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.	4.000
Guatemala arrests software guru John McAfee	Held in Guatemala, software guru McAfee fights deportation	3.4
Facilitator : Show me the smart child.	Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?	1
A man is playing a piano.	A man is playing a flute.	2.000
The woman is waiting for her date.	The woman is on her way to a date.	3.200000
Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change	Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina	1.6
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.	A boy with a metal colander on his head.	4.20
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000	Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000	3
The men are playing cricket.	The men are playing basketball.	2.200
Pakistan's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery	Malala leaves British hospital	3.6
A man walks his dog on the beach.	A man with his dog on the beach.	4.400000
A sheep stands on a hillside.	A large sheep standing on a hill.	4
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.	Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.	2.00
Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?	Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?	2.6
A man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife.	A woman is slicing meat with a knife.	1.500
a woman watches a rap group live	An audience watches a girl dance.	2.200000
A boy is playing violin on stage.	A person is mixing a pot.	0.000
Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast	Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	3.4
Obama endorses same-sex marriage	Obama's delicate dance on same-sex marriage	2.6
A man is playing the guitar.	A man seated in a room is playing the guitar.	4.000
People are standing on an escalator moving up.	People ride up an escalator.	4.60
World stocks rise on hopes Fed to keep stimulus	Fed expected to maintain stimulus	1
A man is cutting an onion.	A man cuts an onion.	5.000
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013	What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013	2.67
A woman is peeling an orange.	A woman cuts off a small piece of lemon rind.	1.800
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.	This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.	4.2
Stone notified Captain Lord.	He too notified Captain Lord.	3.4
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.	2.000
World News Update, what you need to know	Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know	0.60
So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: " Where ' s the Marx " ?	I am moving on to ask you the question: " Where ' s the beef " ?	0.4
Alright just got in.	not well Alright just got in.	4
A woman puts make-up on.	A woman is putting on eyeshadow.	3.333
Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination	Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time	2.40
Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech	Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections	0.00
Ten people riding ATVs.	4 people are riding bikes	1.600000
French train derails south of Paris	French train passengers tell of crash ordeal	1.2
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.	A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.	3.000
"We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible," Kennedy said.	"There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible," Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.	3.800
Stock index futures point to lower start	Stock index futures signal early losses	4.4
The two boys are playing kick ball back and forth to each other.	The players are kicking each other while attempting to kick the ball.	3.000000
Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN	Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000	3.40
Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska	Tsunami warning after Canada quake	2.4
A man is speaking on a phone.	A panda bear is chewing on a stick.	0.000
China trade returns to surplus in March	Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv	0
Rallies demand 'Justice for Trayvon'	Across US, people rally for 'Justice for Trayvon'	4
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.	That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.	3.250
A white cat laying on an office chair.	A white cat laying on a sheet.	2.4
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.	U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.	4.000
The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012	The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012	1.8
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.	3
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	0.40
Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10	Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it	2.2
A woman peels a potato.	A woman is grilling pineapples.	1.000
Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles	Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles	1.4
A woman is picking a can.	A woman is slicing a tomato.	1.000
Like this  year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.	Or the  year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers.	4.2
Egypt braces for 'Friday of anger' after carnage	Egypt braces for Friday of anger after bloody crackdown	4
An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan.	A tied man is putting into water.	0.000
paris is the capital of france. 	lima is the capital of	0.6
UN warns of plight of women, children in Syria's Homs	UNICEF calls for immediate safe access to women, children in Homs	3
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	3.2
Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.	Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions.	1.6
IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel	Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains	0
From what I'm seeing it's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words.	According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English.	1.40
Boy and white dog running in grassy field	A boy and a dog running on grass	4.40
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.	2.400
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.	Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.	1.800
Hope this is what you are looking for.	Is this the kind of thing you're looking for ?	4
A man is driving a car.	A man drives a car.	4.875
What is your lid made of?	What is your paper for?	0
A woman is putting on makeup.	A band is singing.	0.000
five people standing on a sidewalk	Five people on a sidewalk.	4.80
Blond woman in a tunnel.	The couple kissing is near a blond woman.	1.600000
Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids	Nato solider dies in Afghanistan	1.2
A man cuts a potato.	A man is slicing a potato.	3.750
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.	4.500
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.	The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.	3.000
Egypt's Mubarak critical	Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition	4.6
CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks	CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria	5.00
Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen, from Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine.	I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.	0.00
[Ticker] Fitch upgrades Greek credit rating	Moody's upgrades Greek credit rating	3.4
Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum	Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes	0.40
A man is running.	A man is running down a road.	3.500
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.	The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.	0.00
the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities. 	the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.	3.4
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.	2.500
Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	3.8
The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.	Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that.	1.60
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.	Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.	3.000
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.	The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.	1.750
Netanyahu set to call early vote	Israel's Netanyahu set to call early vote	4.4
A man is spinning.	A man is dancing.	1.600
russia already participates in the european space agency's 	france is a leader in the european space agency.	1.2
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.	A little girl is playing the piano.	2.600
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.	Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.	3.200
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	The back of a sign with stickers on.	3.8
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.	The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.	3.750
Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash.	Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “X and/or Y”, as well as  “this is hard/impossible to do”.	3.40
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons	5.00
Three humans are walking a dog.	Three people are walking a dog.	4.800000
The man drilled holes into the wood.	A man drills wood.	4.200
A man is placing meat inside a plastic bag.	A woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag.	0.400
I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this.	One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others.	0.00
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.	0.20
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.	A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.	3.4
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	"They ransacked and burned the two villages completely," rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.	2.800
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	4.333
Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested	Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set	1.20
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor	Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail	4.20
Left side of a silver train engine.	A close-up of a black train engine.	2.2
Generally, almost wherever I go, I find it's easiest to get money out of the ATM.	There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city, especially in city center.	1.80
A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.	Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control.	1.80
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.	3.250
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.	2.00
You also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client.	You can do it, but you might not be a professor.	0
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday	Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31	1.80
Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics	Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics	4.8
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election	4.4
I'm going to be very direct here.	I'm going to be blunt, here: You don't.	4
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.	3.400
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	4.5
A young child slides down an orange slide.	A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.	3.67
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.	In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.	4.000
The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012	The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012	2
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.	A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.	4.000
The dog walked along the edge of the pool.	A dog is walking along a pool.	4.600
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.	The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	3.444
A woman rapidly fires a handgun.	A woman is shooting off a gun.	4.400
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.	1.20
A man is riding on a horse.	A man is talking on a phone.	1.000
A guy is riding a horse.	A man is riding a horse in the desert.	3.400
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.	A person above their surfboard on the water.	3.00
Fire in Beijing kills 10	Fire in Beijing kills ten	5.00
Vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the USA.	Nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the UK.	1
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.	Two women sitting outside laughing.	3.2
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.	3.800
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.	3.200
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal	5.00
the drug is also known as ice or shabu. 	methamphetamine is also known as ice.	3.4
A woman is handling a frog.	A man is holding a frog.	3.750
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.	The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.	3.000
A woman is stabbing a potato with a fork.	A woman is puncturing a potato with a fork.	5.000
You don't need to know everything.	You don't have to know.	3
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.	1.000
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.	A child runs through the grass.	0.20
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	2.60
Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses	Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses	4.2
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.	A wooden yacht on the ocean.	3.2
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.	A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.	0
Z stalked him down, then shot him.	You claimed Zimmerman " Stalked him down, then shot him ".	3
A child is waking up.	A girl is waking up.	3.200
17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing	At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing	0.80
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."	"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow," added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."	3.500
A woman is deveining shrimp.	A man is dancing in rain.	0.000
You don't need any visa.	You don't have to worry.	0
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".	3.200
a little girl is laughing at the camera.	A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.	0.2
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.	A dog running through the woods.	4.00
At least 11 killed in India building collapse	At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq	0.60
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace. 	china is an important force for promoting world development.	3.4
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.	A woman is playing volley ball.	2.00
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	In other words, it depends on where you go, when you do there and how.	4
The biker is doing dangerous stunts.	A biker is doing stunts.	4.400000
The man erased what the other man had on the board.	The man erased the work on the board.	3.000
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.	1.8
Florida counties extend early voting	Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours	2.8
A person cuts an onion.	A person is cutting an onion.	5.000
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.	Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.	3.000
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.	A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.	3.8
the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.	2.46666666666667
Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts	Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts	3.6
A woman feeds an animal by hand.	The women are feeding the animal.	3.000
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria	Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria	1.20
vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws. 	vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.	4.8
Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized	'Kony 2012' director hospitalized	0.6
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships. 	china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.	4
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike	Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'	1.60
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352	Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372	2.6
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	4.60
A man is getting into a car.	A man is getting into a car in a garage.	3.833
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth	3.80
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.	3.600
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.	Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.	2.200
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.	A train is at a train station.	1.4
A man is riding a bike.	A man is riding on a horse.	2.000
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year	Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack	0.20
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.	Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.	3.333
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.	Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.	3.692
Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies	Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86	4
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash	Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion	5.00
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy	2.80
You're "a bunch of cells."	I'm "a bunch of cells."	2.4
Couple marry in the UK's first Scientology wedding	Couple get married in Britain's first Scientology wedding	5
A small child smiling at the camera.	A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.	1.6
Not a direct answer to the question, but something to consider.	Not a real answer to your question, but maybe it helps.	4
A black and a yellow dog	A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.	2.20
Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape	India‚Äôs march to Mars	0.00
As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis.	This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland.	2.00
A plane flying at a distance.	A woman with a white horse.	0
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.	2.40
Some of what you can do:	Not much you can do besides:	1
Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law	Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty	4.6
Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria	Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria	3.4
The boy is playing the piano.	A band is playing on stage.	1.333
Someone is drawing.	Someone is dancing.	0.300
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.	3.4
A group of girls are exiting a taxi.	A video clip of Rihanna leaving a taxi.	2.000
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo.	A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms.	4.600
Two Eagles perched on a branch.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	3.8
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.	Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.	2.800
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks	Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings	1.40
Four girls happily walk down a sidewalk.	Three young girls walk down a sidewalk.	3.400000
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.	Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.	3.000
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.	1.500
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers	Search narrowed for missing man	1.40
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.	4.250
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.	Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.	4.111
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	A race care driving along a dirt road.	1
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	4.00
Space legend Neil Armstrong dies	First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82	4
An okapi is eating from a tree.	A moose drinks from a sprinkler.	0.333
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.	Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.	4.800
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.	2.625
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.	Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.	4.600
The woman is peeling shrimp.	The man is holding a lemur.	0.000
Freezing motion generally requires one, maybe two things: fast shutter speed, and flash at the right time.	In addition to @Pearsonartphoto's answer, you can use flash (either the built-in or better yet, an extarnal) to freeze the motion.	2.60
Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays	Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays	5
Two people are walking by the ocean.	Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.	0.40
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November	Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24	4.40
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.	3.800
Singapore shares open lower on Friday	Singapore shares open higher on Thursday	2.2
Conmen dressed as women steal cash	CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners	3.80
Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross	Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross	4.4
A woman is doing weight exercises.	A woman is doing her hair.	0.500
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil. 	a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.	3.4
All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.	One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.	0.20
The road is long.	There is nothing on the side of the road.	0.800000
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.	"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.	3.833
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.	A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.	4.80
Weiner stays in NYC mayor's race amid new sexting scandal	Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal	3
A small blond boy slides head first down a blue playground slide toward another blond youth.	A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide	2.000000
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	1.20
Some men are fighting.	Two men are fighting.	4.250
A kid is playing guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.	2.200
Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute	Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike	2.4
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.	5.000
Dr. Neander's revised version.	Neander's revised version"?	4
Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists	Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains	1.80
Israel launches airstrike in Gaza	Israel launches air strikes near Damascus	3
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.	The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.	2.600
Men competing in a contest.	Two women compete in a contest.	2.400000
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures. 	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.	2
China detains city workers after fruit seller dies	Napthine takes the reins after Baillieu's leadership crumbles	0
I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.	Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot.	2.4
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison. 	gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.	3.2
A cat is playing keyboards.	A cat is playing a piano.	3.000
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.	Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.	3.000
A man is playing a harp.	A woman is playing a guitar.	1.600
A white animal running through snow covered woods.	A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.	3.4
A man is traveling in a boat.	A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.	0.000
Blond boy jumping onto deck.	A boy jumping down a wet inflatable slide.	2.000000
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.	St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.	4.00
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.	1.00
6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands	Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands: USGS	3.2
Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.	Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent.	2.400
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.	A cruise ship docked at a coast.	3.4
Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan	Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia	2
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day	5.00
Algerian president in France for medical tests	Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke	3.60
A woman is adding oil on fishes.	A woman is pouring water on fish.	2.250
Libya threatens army action against oil protesters	Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton	0.8
A man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink.	A man is emptying a plastic container.	2.200
A woman is folding paper.	A woman is applying eye shadow.	0.400
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	Nelson Mandela taken to hospital	4.80
A man is cutting paper with a sword.	A woman is cutting a tomato.	0.600
Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late	Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later	5.00
Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case	Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case	2.8
Death toll in Syria now tops 100,000	Death toll in Syria over 100,000 so far	5
the osce meeting lasted two days. 	the osce meeting was held in madrid.	1.8
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.	3.333
Military plane crashes in south France: authorities	Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey, 1 dead	1
A dog is driving a car.	A guy is talking into a microphone.	0.000
Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast	Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific	4.80
US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal	Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal	3.8
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.	Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.	3.600
People are playing cricket.	Men are playing cricket.	3.200
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.	Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.	4.20
A boy is playing the violin onstage.	A boy is playing an instrument.	2.800
Defiant Mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts 'vile' West	Mugabe sworn in for another term	4
No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily	India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night	3.8
Suarez set for Cup comeback	French set for Mali ground combat	0.8
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.	On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.	3.273
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.	The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.	1.800
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.	The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.	2.667
Warm , maybe record.	Warmer , almost certainly a record.	4.4
Bombs kill two people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon	Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack	2.2
A dog and a red ball in the air.	A dog digs a hole in a yard.	1.00
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.	A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.	0.40
Pakistanis vote in landmark election	Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks	3.40
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	four people sitting at a table.	1.8
Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF	Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization	3.4
A society fraying at the edges	Old TV alignments crack at the edges	0.40
Someone touched the kitten chewing on a string.	Someone is cutting paper.	0.250
a woman playing with two young boys at a park	A woman and three kids play at a park.	3.20
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament	Silvio Berlusconi expelled from parliament	4
I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.	I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...	3.00
That's not the Moloch scene, though.	This is the Moloch scene.	2.4
A man running on a track.	a man running track	5.00
Two men compete in a tire rolling race.	Two people flipped tractor tires in a race.	2.750
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.	A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.	3.60
You wanna know what I find curious?	That's what I find curious.	2.8
A woman and a man embrace while watching a horror movie.	A man and a woman watch a movie together.	2.800000
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.	A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.	0.40
Three men are drying to pull a Subaru out of a ditch along a mountain road.	Two men are waiting for a ride on the side of a dirt road.	1.400000
A jockey riding a horse.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	3.8
Those are partial psychopaths.	Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?	1.8
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty. 	the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe.	3.2
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.	Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.	3.80
A train is at a train station.	a train in a station.	5
An animal is chewing on something.	An animal is chewing on a key chain.	3.200
A dog is jumping on a trampoline.	A boy is playing a guitar.	0.000
Putin casts ballot as Russians vote	Putin to win Russia's presidential election	1.4
A cat is trying to touch a dog.	The cat teased the dog by touching his head.	3.250
Someone is slicing an onion.	Someoen is peeling a potato.	1.000
A woman is peeling shrimp.	A man is squeezing water.	0.200
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO	WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person	3.80
A man is scaling a fish.	A man pours some cooking oil into a pot.	1.000
A man stares out a window.	A man looks out the window.	4.800
The woman had brown hair.	The woman has gray hair.	2.400000
Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten	Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal	3.6
Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred	Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures	3.8
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.	Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.	0.00
A wooden bicycle with an awning.	A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.	0
Mandela remains in hospital	Mandela remains in 'intensive care'	3.60
Snowden asks to stay in Russia	Snowden releases first Russia video	1.4
Dozens of Egyptians hostages taken by Libyan terrorists as revenge for airstrikes	Egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in Nile	0
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line," said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	4.000
A man is standing on the ground with a paintbrush	A man with a crutch lying on the ground.	1.200000
I oppose the death penalty.	This is why I support the death penalty.	1
Maldives begins to vote in controversy-ridden presidential poll	Crisis-hit Maldives holds new presidential poll	3
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire	Woman dies in Co Cork house fire	2.20
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks	Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks	1.40
Three children stand on or near a fence.	The three children are standing on and by a fence.	4.60
A man pours oil into a pot.	A man pours wine in a pot.	3.200
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.	The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.	1.200
Sure, I've  done this very trip.	I've done this many dozens of times.	3
A man is dancing outside.	A man is playing flute.	1.000
A man is taking out the insides of a green pepper.	Someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper.	4.000
Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns	Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns	1
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand.	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.	2.500
Experience: you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly.	I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person.	1.60
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.	They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.	4.000
Twitter reports blocking in Venezuela	Twitter says images blocked in Venezuela	4
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.	0.00
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.	A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.	1.20
A woman is brushing her feet.	A woman is chopping an onion.	0.400
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands	Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands	5.00
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.	A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.	3.8
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	0.750
A group of people are in the water.	A group of people ride in a race	0.60
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.	A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	4.4
Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home	4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home	2
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.	2.400
People rock jumping into water while people fish in the background.	Two people watching the water.	2.200000
Lionel Richie is dancing on the ceiling.	Lionel Ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling.	4.000
A man is enjoying watching three asian children dance.	A man is watching three asian kids dance.	4.600000
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.	Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.	2.20
I did this one time as well.	I have this habit as well.	2
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS	6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey	4.8
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	3.80
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this?	3
A man is climbing a rope.	A man climbs a rope.	5.000
A large boat in the water at the marina.	A large boat on the sea.	3.2
A slow loris bites a persons fingers.	A small animal is chewing on a finger.	2.500
Funeral of Ian Paisley to take place in Belfast	Funeral of MH17 victim Liam Sweeney takes place in Newcastle	0
A baby elephant is eating.	A baby elephant eats a sapling.	3.615
How about some testimonies from real health experts?	Also, who's to say there aren't testimonies from "real" health experts on there?	3
Why are Russians in Damascus?	Russians in Damascus!	4.2
A woman is cutting a tomato.	A woman is slicing a potato.	1.000
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.	2.60
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for 	chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.	1.2
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.	2.000
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer	Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka	4.60
Hezbollah targets Qaeda gathering along border with Syria	Belarus tightens security along the border with Ukraine	0
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the drums.	1.556
Israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire	Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce	3
A rabbi is talking.	A man is walking on a rope.	0.000
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.	There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.	5.000
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.	Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.	3.500
A man is punching through boards.	A dog is running through water.	0.400
This is not a good idea.	Not a good idea.	5
Nicaragua, Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden	Bolivia's Morales says he would grant asylum to Snowden if asked	2.2
Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash	Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN	0.6
Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash	Four injured in motorway crash	3.6
Redford touts Alberta economy ahead of vote on leadership	Redford addresses PC convention ahead of leadership review	2
Websites battle nasty comments, anonymity	Websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity	3.8
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.	A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.	3.40
China gives US regulators access to audit records	China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan	0.8
North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba	N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized	2.8
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.	1.60
A little boy is singing and playing a guitar.	A man is singing and playing the guitar.	2.200
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin. 	the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.	3.4
At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash	At least 6 dead in Paris train crash	2.20
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder. 	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.	1.4
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.	2.750
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.	A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.	2.6
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker	Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike	0.8
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.	Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.	3.500
the deal has been in process for several years. 	the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.	0.6
A passenger jet sits on a runway.	A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.	1.8
Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine.	Government spying on its own citizens, that's fine.	1.2
A person is putting shredded cheese in a pot.	A hamster is eating some seeds.	0.250
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats	Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats	5.00
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.	3.200
Intel's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based, Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $389M In Cash	McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $389 million	3.8
A cat is licking a sucker.	A woman is slicing cucumber.	0.000
It is an excellent indicator of climate change.	I think we all agree on the nature of the change.	2
A black dog running into the water.	A black dog running through water.	4.60
According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books).	In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them.	0.60
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.	A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.	4.00
A man is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience.	A woman is peeling a potato.	0.000
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace	1.8
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job.	0
A woman is riding a horse.	A woman is riding a donkey.	2.800
The lady put the baby int a trashcan.	A woman puts a baby in a trash can.	5.000
Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.	Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?	2.80
A woman leading a white horse.	A man in a tux on a white horse.	2
Obama declares health care law is working	Obama pledges to make new health care law work	3
A man is peeling a potato.	A man is slicing a potato.	2.600
The bird is sitting on the branch.	A red and brown bird is perched on branches.	3.2
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc	CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3%	0.8
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.	Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.	4.250
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.	5.000
A man is looking at a computer monitor.	A man is using a laptop.	2.750
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.	Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.	3
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.	As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.	3.400
Google invests $200 million in Texas wind farm	Google invests 200 million USD in Texas wind farm project	5
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.	She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.	3.000
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is singing and playing a guitar.	3.600
If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs.	If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs..	2.4
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak	Egypt court orders Mubarak freed	5
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.	A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.	4.8
Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests	Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests	2.60
Japan closes last nuclear reactor	Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend	4.2
Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston	Music industry mourns Whitney Houston	3.4
Iran warns Moscow nuclear talks could stall	Iranians “confess” to nuclear scientist murders	1.2
Two women are sitting in a cafe.	Two men catching a fish in a swamp.	0
A man is dicing an onion.	A woman is cutting an onion.	2.500
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent	North and South Korea break their silence with talks	1.00
The man has a orange shirt.	The woman has a orange shirt.	3.400000
The lady added cheese to the sauce.	A man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.	1.600
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.	Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.	3.000
A cat and a ferret are playing.	A ferret and kitten play together.	4.250
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.	1.53333333333333
Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack	US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks	0
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car	Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car	5.00
A man is dancing on the road.	A man is dancing.	3.250
Wigan 3-2 Wolves: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Match report, pictures & video highlights	1.2
Two men in a running contest.	Dogs in a race.	1.00
A dog is running along the grass.	A brown dog is running in the grass.	4.20
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.	The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.	4.000
Two white cows in a green pasture.	The tan horse is in the pasture.	1.4
Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.	2.00
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.	0
Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million	News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M	4.4
A man is levitating.	A man is talking.	0.800
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.	A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.	2.6
U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage	Fast-food workers strike for higher pay	4.00
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.	When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.	3.200
Capello quits as England manager	Capello resigns as England manager	5
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	4.250
Syria's PM escapes assassination try, regime says	Syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt	4
The seagull is floating on the water.	Large cruise ship floating on the water.	1.2
Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia	Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies	0
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.	Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.	3.20
We both thought the movie was good and we didn't find it confusing in any way.	I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing.	3.2
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.	Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.	3.500
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China's yuan weakens against USD for third day	3.2
So think it in this way.	Think of it this way.	5
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.	Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.	1.600
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.	Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.	1.250
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.	A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.	0.4
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq	Explosion near Damascus military airport	0.00
Food poisoning kills at least 20 children in India	Baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38	0.00
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.	3.40
2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence	Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown	3.4
26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison	Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer, unrest in Israel jails	1
Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor	Johnson re-elected London mayor	3.8
An orangutan is riding a bus.	A monkey is riding on a bus.	3.600
A tan puppy being petted.	A tan puppy being held and petted.	4.4
That's just not how legal briefs are written.	That just isn't how legal reasoning works.	3.2
A man is riding a bicycle.	A man is riding a bike.	5.000
Rocky and Apollo Creed are running down the beach.	The men are jogging on the beach.	3.000
The cat played with a watermelon.	A cat is playing with a watermelon.	4.800
Rev's Early Reads: March 2	Rev.'s Early Reads: Sept. 3rd, 2015	2
China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon	China lands robot rover on moon	4
Lacey - welcome back!	Anyway, welcome back.	4
a group of navy seals are singing	A group of military personnel are playing in a brass quintet.	2.400000
A man is tying his shoe.	A man ties his shoe.	5.000
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network	4.4
Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens	Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens	5
Two boys on a couch are playing video games.	Two boys are playing a video game.	4.000
US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons	Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal	1.40
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting	4.40
You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty.	The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world.	2.20
Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council	Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council	2.80
"Being against nukes" does not mean "not wanting to use nukes".	"Being against using nukes" means "not wanting to use nukes".	1.4
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm. 	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.	3.8
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.	3.600
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq	2.20
A person is slicing some garlic.	A person is dicing a clove of garlic with a knife.	3.750
The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries.	I would not accelerate things, to avoid getting worse grades that you want.	0.20
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside.	5.000
"It is about a third of what I owe in the world," he told reporters.	It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.	3.750
Four dead in Indonesia train accident	Five dead as Indonesia train collides with fuel truck	3.4
the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council. 	kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.	3
Two Australians killed in Kenya after bus crashed into river	Permalink to Two killed in Germany train accident	0
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.	Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.	4.000
"It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.	3.000
Iranian President praises nuclear deal	Iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant	1
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse	Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352	2.4
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan	3.4
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.	Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.	3.400
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower	Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher	2.6
A woman is firing a rifle.	A woman is cutting a lemon.	0.200
Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	3.40
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	5.00
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.	A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.	1.4
Yes, you should make a résumé.	Yes, you should talk to your professor.	0
Annan urges end to Syria violence, minister defects	Annan urges end to Syrian violence	3.8
A person is cutting a potato.	A person is slicing a shallot.	1.000
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct	4.20
Someone is carving a statue.	A man is carving a statue.	3.750
Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi	Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi	3
China stocks end lower Thursday	China stocks close lower on Thursday	5
Thai opposition party to boycott general election	Thai opposition announces election boycott	4.8
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.	Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.	3.000
The rule - When in doubt throw it out!	I always go by the rule "When in doubt, throw it out!	4
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.	The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.	3.60
The woman picked up the kangaroo.	A woman picks up a baby kangaroo.	3.750
A cat is playing.	A woman is playing flute.	0.250
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.	Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.	1.750
It's just a bunch of cells.	I'm "a bunch of cells."	2.2
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.	It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.	3.250
Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets	Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba	2.6
Libyans begin handing in weapons	Libyans transfer weapons to army	3.2
A Woman is eating.	A animal is eating.	1.600
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir	Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir	3.60
A man is drawing a picture.	A person is drawing.	3.600
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.	A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.	3.2
A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water.	A woman is making noodles.	3.600
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria	Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria	1.40
A man and woman are talking.	A man and woman is eating.	1.600
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills four in Upper Dir	Militant attack from Afghanistan kills FC soldier in Balochistan	3
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home	4.4
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.	Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.	3.500
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.	Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.	3.200
A small monkey walks through water.	A monkey is wading across a marsh.	3.400
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory. 	korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.	3.2
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.	The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.	3.200
Greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets	Greece concerns drag on Asia markets	3
You need to be embedding a color profile in you image, as also using a browser that supports color management.	In my experience, when the final production will be in sRGB, use that color profile from start to finish.	2.60
A man helps a boy ride a bike.	The man helps the boy ride a bike.	4.80
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy	Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy	1.20
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.	5
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.	4.333
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.	A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.	4.00
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	A large black and white cow in a field.	4
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.	Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.	2.400
South Korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with North Korea	South Korean Soldier Kills Comrades And Flees	4
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.	Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.	3.800
NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents	5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	2.8
Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela	South Africans mourn, celebrate Mandela	1.8
A cat retrieves an object out of a dish of water.	The cat tried to eat the corn on the cob.	0.600
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.	3.250
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.	4.750
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.	Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.	3.400
China to investigate EU wine exports	Christie investigation heats up	1.20
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels	Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle	4.60
Two men on boat floating on the water.	A wooden yacht on the ocean.	1.8
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister	Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls	0.00
Train in a station.	Trains inside an indoor station.	3.8
"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.	Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."	4.000
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.	3.200
A person is slicing onions.	Someone is slicing an onion.	4.600
It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake.	It depends on the sauce and the result you want.	2
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher	3.00
When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?	I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder.	2.6
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.	4.2
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.	3.600
A kangroo is eating something.	A kangaroo is eating.	4.800
A black train moves down the tracks.	A long train is on train tracks.	2.8
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.	3.000
A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike does a very high jump.	1.20
A man and woman is riding in a car.	A woman is frying shrimp.	0.400
GPS (wikipedia) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide.	GPS systems can, and do, work everywhere you can get satellites.	3.40
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership. 	leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union.	3.2
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures. 	putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.	4.4
A baby is talking.	A boy is trying to say firetruck.	1.200
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	The dogs play in the snow.	4.00
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.	Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.	3.750
Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead	US presidents pay tribute to Mandela	0.40
A man is slicing a potatoe.	A man is peeling a banana.	1.000
The man is aiming a gun.	A boy is playing on a toy phone.	0.000
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.	3.000
Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza	Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38	2.2
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3
Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi	For first time in history, Technion to teach engineering in Russia	0
Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport	3.8
You don't have to know.	Other than that you don't have a tax issue.	0
The man is jumping into the water.	The man is up in the air.	2.40
A person is folding a piece of paper.	Someone is folding a piece of paper.	4.667
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas. 	india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.	3
Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan	Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'	1.00
The cats are running through the grass.	Some dogs running through the park.	2.000000
amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar. 	the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?	3.8
A woman is digging in the sand.	A man is buried in the sand.	1.400000
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.	Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.	4.750
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.	1.600
Exit polls suggest Putin ally wins Moscow vote	Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote, Navalny cries foul	3.4
Costa Concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter	Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later	1.2
Two ducks are standing by the water.	The birds are swimming in the water.	2.4
India bans bulk texts after riots	Tunisia lifts curfew after riots	0.8
Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed	Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4	1.40
Someone is slicing tortila's.	Someone is riding a horse.	0.000
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles	3.40
Two people sit on a dock near the water.	Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.	3.80
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes.	3.200
If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.	That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.	4.8
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan	0.8
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.	Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.	4.000
A man sitting on the floor plays a guitar.	A man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar.	4.800
A woman is slicing some tuna.	A woman is cutting raw fish.	2.800
Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013	Picture of the Day	2.8
Egypt court orders Mubarak release	Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request	2
The birds are swimming in the water.	Birds fly low over water.	1.8
The panda bear lay on the logs.	A panda is lying down.	3.600
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.	2.750
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders. 	russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.	2
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.	2.500
Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication	Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction	0.00
Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17	Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus	3.8
Two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.	The men are putting suitcases into the car's trunk.	4.400
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.	1.400
Mob kills man for burning Quran	Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'	4
The man is using a camera to hammer a nail.	Someone is banging a camera lense against a nail.	2.600
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990. 	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.	3.6
So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity.	personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.	3
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.	It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.	3.000
A young man is riding a skateboard and jumps onto a sidewalk then off at another curb.	A man is riding a skateboard.	2.750
Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb	Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs	1.4
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space. 	china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.	3.2
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.	Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe	4.20
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.	3.600
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill	Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law	4.20
England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket	England captain Strauss retires from cricket	4.8
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.	2.000
Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?	Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito.	1.00
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border - live	US: Russia Massing Troops on Ukraine Border	0
Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida	Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population	2.4
Indian stocks close lower	Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher	1.80
Three children in a ball pit.	Several children playing in a ball pit.	3.40
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.	A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.	3.40
2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq	Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq	1.4
A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woman is chopping garlic.	2.600
A man is peeling a banana.	A woman is peeling a potato.	1.400
Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan	3.4
Yes, this is true and yes, in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals, as @MGN already said.	Indefinite articles developed from numerals, and the definite articles developed from demonstratives.	2.60
A red, double-decker bus.	Front and left side of a red double decker bus.	3.2
There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service.	There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.	1.80
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.	a computer on the floor.	4.2
The dog could not figure out how to get a stick out the doggy door.	A dog is trying to get through his dog door.	2.750
MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm	First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America	4.20
Egypt's main opposition rejects president's call for dialogue	Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call	3.8
Many people run in a race on a street.	A puppy running along a street.	1.00
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack	Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack	0.80
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.	2.400
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.	Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.	3.750
Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate	Obama, Romney prepare to debate	4.2
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said.	3.500
A girl is singing and playing a guitar.	A young man is singing while playing the guitar.	2.400
We never got out of it in the first place!	Where does the money come from in the first place?	0.8
A person is folding a square paper piece.	A man is folding paper.	3.250
Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra	Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra	4.2
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.	A man is spreading out dough.	0.417
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.	This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.	3.000
Girls are walking on the stage.	Women models are walking down a catwalk.	2.600
Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast	Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast	3.6
a woman with a viking hat on.	Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.	4.2
Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing	Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster	1
Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.	2.11111111111111
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings	3.6
A cheetah is running.	A cheetah is running across a field.	3.800
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq	At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts	2.2
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines," said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.	3.750
Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan	India’s Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan	4.8
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.	The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.	3.000
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .	0.8
Death toll 'rises to 17' after typhoon strikes Japan	Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods	1.20
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence	Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption	0.60
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.	The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.	3.600
12 killed, 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan	6 killed, 12 injured in blast in NW Pakista	2.6
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company Better Place to fold	Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold	4.4
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.	A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.	3.00
The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?	You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?	4
NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack	NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan	3.8
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.	Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.	5.000
A polar bear is running towards a group of walruses.	A polar bear is chasing a group of walruses.	4.200
Blizzard brings US northeast to a halt	Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads	4.2
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	Two cats are looking at a window.	3.6
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.	3.000
Indian stocks open lower	Indian stocks close lower	1.8
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.	Four dogs playing in the snow.	0.00
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.	A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.	1.40
Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years	Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal	0.4
World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus	Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus	3
The lady cut up a potatoe.	A man is cutting a potato.	2.400
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.6
A black dog is jumping out of water.	A black dog is shaking off water.	3.00
A man is pressing microwave buttons.	A man turns on the microwave.	2.750
Yes, there is at least one to my knowledge.	To my knowledge, there's no time requirement.	1
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.	2.200
Here are many samples: Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there, I'm sure some are with a d700.	It's a 1:1 lens, so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor.	0.60
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63	Donna Summer, the queen of disco	3
Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles.	Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier, but in fact, is often harder than an uphill marathon.	2.00
The boy fell off his bike.	A boy falls off his bike.	4.800
South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized	South Africa's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized	5
Two fishermen try to untangle their large fishing net on the side of the road on a cloudy day.	Several men pull a fishing net up on to the beach.	3.000000
We all believe that we are getting what we expect.	Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect.	3.8
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	Two eagles are perched on a branch.	4.2
Also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story.	It is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit.	2
I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.	Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.	1.80
bae systems is the uk's largest defense company. 	bae systems is the uk's largest military	3.4
The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the flute.	1.643
A maintenance guy is repairing a net on a tennis court.	A man removing a tennis net.	2.400000
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.	Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself	4.40
How would Martin not know that that was not the case?	How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?	2.4
A man is sitting and smoking.	A man is smoking a cigarette.	4.000
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters	0.6
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud	Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud	4.2
Someone is feeding a animal.	Someone is playing a piano.	0.000
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.	"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.	3.600
Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).	Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself.	2.60
He said at EVERY level.	But he said EVERY level.	4.6
A man is playing a guitar.	The girl is playing the guitar.	2.250
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	3.6
the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them. 	resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.	3.6
In shock move, Obama puts Syria strike on hold	Obama puts Syria strike on hold	4.6
Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers	Court upholds death sentences for Mekong murderers	4.4
A 32-count indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.	The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.	3.500
Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon	Russia delivers humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees in Lebanon	2.2
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.	The big white dog is running in the grass.	3.40
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	3.750
Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn.	Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope.	1.60
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.	3.750
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC	4.6
13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk). 	10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).	2.6
AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick	Redskins trade for No. 2 pick	4.2
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks. 	nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.	4.4
You should do it.	You should never do it.	1
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".	However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."	3.800
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Delhi#Early_history shows that the city was called Delhi (or Dilli) at least since the 12/13th century.	I am not exactly sure but I remember the media (in India) addressing Delhi as "HASTHINA".	1.20
Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government	Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government	4
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.	A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.	0.00
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe	Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start	4.2
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	World unites for Mandela memorial	2.40
A woman is chopping a hard egg.	A person is cutting  boiled egg into pieces.	3.533
Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open	Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open	3.4
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.	four people sitting at a table.	3
More French soldiers to Central African Republic	Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic	2
Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule	Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China	3.8
Hong Kong set for democracy march	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally	4.80
Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money.	Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company.	2.8
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.	0.889
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.	A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.	4.20
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.	A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.	4.60
A man is playing a guitar.	Someoen is playing guitar.	3.600
Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria	Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria	3.8
Italian parliament backs new PM	Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York	0.00
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean	1.40
Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death	3.6
France pledges military aid in Mali	Most French support military operation in Mali	1.4
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.	A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.	2.80
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	0.60
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.	More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.	4.000
Asian markets mixed on China trade data	Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears	1.40
Syria journalists rescue bid fails	Journalists smuggled out of Homs	0.6
Berri says ready to help launch national unity government	The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government	0.4
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.	A large group of people riding brown and white horses.	0.00
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.	Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.	4.8
No, there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award.	As per the rules, MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel.	3.00
This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.	Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.	0.00
Cracklin' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	1.6
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government	Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia	4.60
The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling.	Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water.	3.20
A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution.	To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution.	3.6
An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces.	A woman is slicing a carrot.	3.600
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.	4.600
Stocks to watch at close on Monday	Stocks to watch on Monday	4.00
Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin	Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century	0.8
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.	3.500
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.	3.20
I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of.	It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover.	0.80
A person is walking down a stone path.	A man is walking down a sidewalk.	3.500
A group of people having a meal outside.	A group of people eat at a table outside.	4.2
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.	3.500
Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'	Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility	3.60
A human riding a skateboard.	A child is riding a skateboard.	3.800000
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.	4.000
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.	A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.	1.40
Egypt’s Coptic Church Names New Pope	Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope	2.8
A woman is grating onion.	A woman grates onions.	5.000
A woman is speaking in sign language.	A woman spices some seafood.	0.643
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD	3
Indian stocks open flat	Indian stocks open lower	3.6
Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter	Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk	1.8
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers. 	syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.	2
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.	A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.	3.8
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.	4.000
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.	Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.	3.250
The tan and white dog is running in the field.	The brown and white dogs run through the field.	3.40
There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not.	There is no code telling you that you cannot do this.	0
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.	A man who is resting his head on his hand.	2.20
Blizzard hammers U.S. Northeast, five dead, 700,000 lose power	Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads	2.2
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.	A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	5
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.	5.000
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing	3.8
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	3.8
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.	4.000
Obama is right: Africa deserves better leadership	Obama waiting for midterm to name attorney general	0
A woman is applying eye shadow.	A woman is washing a bowl.	1.200
Tehran: EU sanctions won't force Iran into nuclear talks	Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks	1.8
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks open lower Friday	1
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.	3.200
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.	A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.	0.00
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is hitting a man.	0.750
There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this.	It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.	0.00
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.	A naked little girl being thrown into the air.	0.00
Pope canonizes 2 Palestinians	Sweden recognizes Palestinian state	0
Yes, it's probably a good idea to renew your passport.	It's a good idea.	3
A woman with a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.	3.8
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	3.200
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.	A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.	5.00
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.	A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.	0.00
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.	I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.	1.2
A young Asian girl is applying eyeliner.	A girl is putting on eye makeup.	2.400
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.	2.40
A man is mowing grass.	A man is busting concrete.	0.833
A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a motorcycle through a town.	3.500
The difference between "necessary" and "sufficient" is the direction of the logical arrow.	sufficient is an upper bound, necessary is a lower bound.	2.00
Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt?	2.6
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	Dozens injured as Morsi supporters clash with security forces	2.2
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.	"The Hulk" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.	4.800
The person is wearing a fedora.	A man is wearing a uniform.	1.600000
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective. 	governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.	1
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack	0.8
Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades	Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders	0
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.	2.000
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	"She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.	3.800
A woman is frying a food.	A woman is deep frying food.	4.250
Israel conducts airstrike on Syria	Israel launches new airstrike against Syria	4.4
JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty	JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty	3.8
A cat plays in his water.	The cat fished a straw out ouf his water dish.	3.500
Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea	China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea	3.20
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	3.800
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.	A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.	3
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	4.2
Kittens are eating food.	Kittens are eating from dishes.	4.000
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series	4.40
A man is playing soccer.	A man is playing flute.	1.000
A man is playing a flute in a band.	A man is playing a guitar.	1.600
Let's let this play out in court.	Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.	3.8
East German rights activist Gauck elected president	Joachim Gauck elected as German president	4
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.	BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.	3.600
Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland	Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip	3.4
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.	4.80
White House, defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts	White House, defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts	4.4
And that is happening in GOP controlled states.	Michigan IS a GOP controlled state.	0.8
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.	3.200
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.	3.250
A young boy jumping into a lake.	The boy is jumping into a lake.	4.60
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.	3.60
Two brown dogs runs through the water.	Two brown dogs running through water.	4.60
A woman peels a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato.	5.000
Obama silent on China dissident	Obama to visit Korean DMZ	0.6
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.	2.000
the cfe treaty was established in 1990. 	the treat was originally signed in 1990.	3.2
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.	A black dog is staring at a sheep.	0
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges	1.40
A woman is dancing.	A woman is slicing ginger.	0.250
News is my Business	A New iPad Is Coming	0.20
Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting	Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim	2
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels	US helping get arms to Syria rebels	2.4
Live Blog: Ukraine In Crisis	Live Blog: Iraq In Turmoil	0
four people walk toward a tower	Two men walk toward a dome-shaped building.	2.000000
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell	Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell	5.00
Two trains inside a train station.	The train sits at the train station.	2.4
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%	Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher	1.6
china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism. 	amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.	2.4
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.	A woman is placing skewers onto a rack.	0.600
A man is playing a piano.	A guy is peeling a potato.	0.000
the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.	2.46666666666667
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.	Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.	4.600
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade. 	myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.	3.4
Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47	4 killed in building collapse in southern India	2.80
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.	Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.	1.333
A man is playing the piano.	A man is playing the trumpet.	1.600
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.	2.200
US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears	Fiscal cliff: House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live	2.8
A man is lifting weights.	A man is chopping egg plant.	0.250
Obama meets with Mandela family	Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela	3
A backpack standing beside a train.	A social gathering of people in a restaurant.	0
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.	TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.	1.750
The woman is dicing onions.	A woman is dancing in railway station.	0.400
The answer will depend significantly on what country you're traveling to.	As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication, I always declare it.	1.00
Philippines, rebels reach wealth-sharing deal	Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal'	5
Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle.	It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.	2.80
Nigeria Votes in Tight Presidential Election	Guineans Go to the Polls in Presidential Elections	2
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.	It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.	3.250
Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid	Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid	4.4
Police disperse protest in east Sudan - witnesses	Police disperse east China chemical plant protesters	1.6
World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline	Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline	2.4
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.	A black and white photo of an old train station.	1.2
Taiwan coast guard launches new ships as South China Sea tensions rise	Chinese military reaches out amid South China Sea tensions	2
I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.	If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?	2
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.	4
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.	3.200
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	4.000
Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $38 bn in 2012	Macau gambling revenue hits record US$38b in 2012	5
Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue	0.8
A basketball player makes the 5th rebound of the night,	A tennis player in the middle of a game.	1.400000
Three cows grazing in a field.	Two cows graze in a field.	2.6
Canada train plot suspects reject charges	Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home	1.00
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage.	1.2
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million	Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million	3.80
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.	In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.	1.750
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".	Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.	3.400
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.	A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.	3.60
I hope this is nothing.	I hope everything is ok!	2
Men are playing soccer.	Two teams play soccer.	3.000
South Africa starts investigating mine violence	South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff	2.4
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan	Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan	2.6
Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc	Tokyo stocks close down 1.53%	3
I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.	Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again?	0.20
A person is petting a monkey.	A man is holding a slow loris.	1.200
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.	Wooden cabinets in kitchen.	1.6
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.	Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.	3.750
h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.	I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today.	3
Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.	When you gaze at the moon "live", you are not seeing a still image.	1.00
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	4.60
A man is rowing a boat.	A man is shooting off a gun.	0.850
A man is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar.	1.778
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity	1.8
Cuba sees "major role" for foreign investment	House set to vote on plan to reopen government	0.00
A man is mowing grass.	A guy is mowing the lawn.	4.800
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.	A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.	0.00
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.	1.000
Saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22	Nigeria church blast kills at least 12	0.6
Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.	13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.	2.20
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block	4.2
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	3.200
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.	The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.	2.750
A man is playing guitar.	A woman is peeling a tuber.	0.000
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.	I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...	0.00
A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head.	A cat and a boy play together.	2.600
A man is riding a white horse on an enclosed ground.	Someone is riding a horse.	2.600
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.	A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.	5.000
Iran leader Rouhani says nuclear deal with U.S. possible within ¿three months¿	Iran President Hassan Rouhani wants nuclear deal in months	3.2
A group of horses grazing in a field.	Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	4.8
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.	2.250
A woman cuts up a vegetable.	A woman is slicing egg plant.	2.250
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.	The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.	2.667
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.	A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.	1.60
Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday	Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday	4.2
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.	2.400
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest	Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square	3.00
The men are fighting each other.	The man drew on the white paper.	0.400
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.	But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.	5.000
British stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap	British stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in Alps	4
Storm delays start of Republican convention	Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention	4.4
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility. 	a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.	2.6
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan: Police	2.00
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."	"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.	4.600
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.	According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.	2.400
Two little girls in pink are dancing.	Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.	0.00
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled	Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi	0.00
Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.	Two men in business dress are standing by the side of a road.	0.400000
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports. 	the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.	2.2
US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term	Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call	4
A man is mowing a lawn.	A woman is cutting a lemon.	0.200
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign	0.00
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.	The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.	3.200
Stocks close 0.39% higher	Stocks close 2.47% higher	1.8
A man is riding a bike.	A panda bear is eating.	0.000
Napolitano elected for second term as Italy president	Italian President Napolitano elected for second term	5
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.	3.750
A person is peeling a potato.	The man is peeling a potato.	3.750
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.	A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.	0
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit	Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit	3.20
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.	Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.	3.000
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.	The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.	2.750
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh). 	france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar.	3.4
A bicycle in front of some ruins.	A pink bicycle is in front of a building.	2.2
Should I just tell her how I feel?	Should I just wait it out and see how it goes?	2.2
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal	3
Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.	The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds.	3.40
my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.	taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing.	0.4
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.	A small white cat sitting in a sink.	1.8
Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.	Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.	3.8
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.	2.600
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal	'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital	1.00
India Braces for Massive Cyclone	India issues red alert for cyclone Phailin	2.8
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1.600
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is slicing a tomato.	1.333
The raven droned as is hopped along the grass.	The skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field.	0.200000
A man is adding pork chops to a pan.	A woman is peeling a potato.	1.000
Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral	Greek protesters, police clash as bailout deal in limbo	0.6
A man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums.	A man is playing a flute.	3.250
Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin	Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says	3.2
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)	3.00
Iraq bombings kill at least 26	Iraq suicide bomber kills at least 12	2
A woman peels garlic with her hands.	The woman is slicing herbs.	1.000
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.	3.200
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia. 	paris is the capital of france.	0.4
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.	The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.	3.000
According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.	The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual).	3.60
Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China, 11 Dead	Twin quakes kill 89 in China	2.4
A man is selling items.	A man is cleaning the house.	0.800
In standard English, I think "don't got" has the same register as "ain't".	I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.	2.20
The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva.	Allergies to animals, particularly furry ones, can be across the board rather than species specific.	2.20
A man is slicing a bun.	A man is breaking pots.	0.400
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.	A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.	2.20
At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack	At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing	2.6
The boys are earning their next belt in karate.	Five girls and one boy are in their swimsuits all in the middle of jumping into the pool.	0.200000
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.	3.8
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	4.250
A man is cutting up a cucumber.	A man is slicing a cucumber.	4.200
Men are jumping into water from a bridge.	Men jump in a river.	2.750
War in the middle east.	A WAR in the middle east.	5
You should do it.	You can do it, too.	1
A woman is slicing an onion with a knife.	A man is preparing some dish.	1.250
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.	Two dogs drink water in a lake.	1.00
The man is throwing knives at a tree.	A man is throwing blades into a close target outside.	3.000
Spain jobless rate hits new high	Spain's jobless claims hit new high	4.2
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.	5.000
The man is talking.	A man is walking down stairs.	0.400
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.	3.000
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	3.800
Six killed in drone strike in N Waziristan	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan	1.80
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Pakistan drone strike kills up to six	3
n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft. 	mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force.	3.4
A woman opens a window.	A woman is looking out a window.	2.000
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.	2.600
N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle	4.60
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.	Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.	3.400
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	4.60
Prince Philip hospitalised in London	Britain's Prince Philip hospitalised, to miss jubilee	3.6
The dog is in the air above the grass.	The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.	1.00
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.	Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.	3.000
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport	Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva	3.00
2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes	Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike	2.4
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.	The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.	2.667
What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game	What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser	0.4
Snowden's father arrives in Moscow	Edward Snowden's father in Moscow	4.2
Suspicious object found in Tel Aviv not explosive device	Police treat suspicious object at Tel Aviv bus station	3.4
"Oh, you're such a good person!	You're such a bad person!"	1.8
A boy is playing a key-board.	A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.	3.250
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.	0.00
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.	0.00
The answer to both questions is: Yes.	If the answer to any of these questions is yes, a PhD may be worthwhile for you.	3
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.	British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.	2.500
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing	Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing	4.00
You should take this animal to a vet right away.	As covered in the other answers, your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done.	3.60
A black and white dog swimming in the pool	A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.	2.00
2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China	3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China	2.4
A woman is riding on a horse.	A man is turning over tables in anger.	0.000
The man is eating.	A man is eating food.	4.600
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.	A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.	3.2
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	Three men in suits sitting at a table.	0
Two robots share a kiss.	A male and female robot are kissing.	3.800
a jockey riding a horse.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	3.8
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.	1.750
Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash	Jenni Rivera, Mexican music star, dies in plane crash	3.4
Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple	Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin	5
Texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast	Residents return to Texas blast site	2.6
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire	Cyprus probes Ukraine assets	0.80
A big turtle is walking.	The tortoise is walking.	4.250
The men are performing on stage.	The comedic mimes performed on stage.	2.600
A coal train traveling down the tracks.	An old train sits idle on the tracks.	2
6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani	4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China	2
A woman is cutting onions.	A woman is cutting tofu.	1.800
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.	A black and white dog jumps in the snow.	1.80
China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit	Full text: China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation	4.40
A bicycle is parked by a shop.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	4
According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.	As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask.	3.20
Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report	7 Tibetans self-immolate in China	2.4
Men are fighting after a basketball game.	The men are playing a game of basketball.	2.200000
The small dog protects its owner.	The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.	0
Manchester United Ticket Sales And Profit Down	Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies at 85	0.60
A tiger cub is making a sound.	A tiger is walking around.	2.000
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.	An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.	4.4
Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial	5.00
Ten sheep looking at the camera.	A cat on its back looking at the camera.	1.2
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.	Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.	2.400
A person is riding a horse.	A woman is slicing potatoes.	0.000
A badger is digging in the dirt.	A man is moving large rocks.	0.000
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.	Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.	3.750
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.	4.600
A man is playing the guitar.	A man plays an acoustic guitar.	3.750
Mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"	My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?'	1.8
Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.	2.11111111111111
The tennis player hit the ball into outer space and broke the death star.	A female tennis player is leaping into the air to hit the ball.	1.200000
Two men are fighting.	The man is exercising.	0.750
When I needed a travel tripod, I also opted for a Trekpod.	An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod.	3.00
Francis begins papacy with prayer	Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers	3.6
Hospital: 61 killed in Venezuela prison riot	Dozens reported killed in Venezuela prison riot	2.6
people walk home	People waiting.	1.600000
There are two possible causes for this:	There are two options for you -	1
"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.	She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."	3.600
A woman is dancing.	A man breaks a stick.	0.000
Three dogs running on a racetrack.	Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.	4.80
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.	A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.	5.00
the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants. 	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.	3.6
A dog rides a skateboard.	A dog is riding a skateboard.	5.000
The woman is walking her dog.	A woman walks her dog down the street.	4.000
What is the nuclear option?	Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness	1.2
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.	4.000
A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man is opening a package containing headphones.	0.800
A woman is adding some mushrooms and liquid to a pot.	A young man is playing the guitar.	0.000
A softball player swinging at a pitch.	A baseball player hitting the ball	2.80
Philippines, Canada pledge to further boost relations	Philippines saves 100 after ferry sinks	0
Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare	Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base	1
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.	Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.	1.333
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.	3.750
A girl is flying a kite.	A girl running is flying a kite.	4.000
Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat	Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat	4
Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests	Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests	1.00
A woman is adding oil on fishes.	A woman is riding a horse.	0.800
Japanese planes flew into China's new defense zone	Japan, S Korean military planes defy China's new defence zone	4
Women to face higher car insurance premiums	Women drivers to face insurance premium rise	5
Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines	23 Missing as Typhoon Utor Hits Philippines	2.2
A man is lifting weights in a garage.	A man is lifting weights.	4.250
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.	China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."	5.000
A man and a woman walk through the woods.	The man and woman are walking.	3.000
I  believe one cannot taste the difference between minced(canned) and fresh garlic once it is cooked.	In my experience, fresh garlic is great for when you want texture, or to slow down the flavour infusion.	1.80
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern 	russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.	4.6
Now you don't have to be perfect on every answer.	You don't have to know.	2
The people threw the dummy over the cliff edge.	Some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff.	4.500
Red double decker bus with hood open.	An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.	4.2
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.	A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.	4.2
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	2.500
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	3.250
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.	"It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist," the source said.	2.600
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.	Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.	4.80
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.	Three children are playing soccer in the sand.	0.20
A woman is in the bathroom.	The woman is in a bathroom.	4.600000
A kangaroo is eating.	Kangaroo eating.	4.750
You are on the right path.	You're right on about the sample definition.	0
A black dog lays in the sand.	Kids play in the water	0.00
Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage	Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage	5
The girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill.	A girl loses her kite.	2.250
A boy is crawling into a dog house.	A cat is playing on the floor.	0.000
I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist.	I think it's going to depend on what the reasons are.	2.60
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.	Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.	2.500
Two teams are playing soccer.	Different sets of teams are playing football on a field.	2.500
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.	A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.	4
More than 100 injured in Texas plant blast	Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertiliser plant blast	4
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.	To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.	3.200
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.	"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," they said.	3.600
A man breaks cinder blocks on another man.	A woman breaks an egg into a pan.	0.800
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.	With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.	3.000
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Red double decker bus driving down a street.	4.6
I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	Personally, I would say not unless it suits you.	2
A gorilla is playing the drums.	A monkey is playing drums.	3.333
Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut	RBA delivers another rate cut	1
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a trumpet.	1.714
Red sports car racing down track.	A red sports car driving quickly on a track.	4.6
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.	Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.	3.500
A man is playing a keyboard.	A man plays a keyboard.	5.000
An elderly man is speaking at a podium.	A man is making a speech at the podium.	3.500
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.	A person is diving into clear blue water.	0.00
7 killed, 3 injured in south China road accident	20 killed, 44 injured in Philippine road accident	0.6
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.	He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.	4.000
I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.	I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.	4.8
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains.	2.00
Train in a station.	a train in a station.	5
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking. 	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.	1.4
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.	A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.	0.8
Holder filed a three-page letter.	The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed.	2.8
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal	Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal	4.00
US, Russia enter third day of Syria talks	US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva	1.80
Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2	Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget	0.40
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	You don't, it will not work.	1
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean	Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean	1.00
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs	US stocks retreat on manufacturing data	0.40
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	4.5
US to Determine Extent of Chemical Weapons Use by Syria	What we know so far about chemical weapons in Syria's civil war	2
AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence	U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence	1.6
The man is playing the guitar.	The man is peeling a potato.	0.583
Two Palestinians die in attacks on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit	Palestinian official slams Israel's stone-throwing bill	0
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry	Croatia countdowns to joining EU	4.80
A man is cutting grass.	A masked man sings.	0.000
Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration	Gates blast rocks Obama administration	4
We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets.	guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option.	3.60
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat	In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On	3.60
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.	Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.	3.800
Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks.	My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.	3.40
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.	Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.	0.60
Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?	3.6
Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban	Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban	3.8
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush	3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing	3.20
A turtle is walking.	A tortoise is walking.	4.400
Libya asks UN Security Council for help	Kerry Calls On UN Security Council to Act on Syria	2.40
A man is holding a leaf.	A woman is watching television.	0.000
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.	He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.	4.000
china is a member of the ballistic missile club. 	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.	0
The answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages:	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	1
Avengers sets box office record	'Hunger Games' sets box office records	1.6
Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness.	Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah.	2.4
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.	A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.	0.00
a bird lands in the water.	a boat floats in the water.	0.60
David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.	One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination.	0.20
Brown dog splashing into the water.	Four dogs splashing in the water	2.40
When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.	When Muslims are extreme it's terrorism.	1.6
The girl is very skilled and practices a lot.	The man is very skilled.	2.000000
A baby monkey scratches itself.	The monkey scratched his tummy.	3.250
Tech Sector Heats Up: Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings	Google shares soar past $1,000 on strong earnings	2.6
Iran's parliament backs nuclear deal	Iran hardliners attack nuclear deal	1
Egypt's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities	Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities	5
A cat stares into the camera.	A cat addresses the camera.	3.000
Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance	US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance	3.4
A person pours some rice pudding into a bowl.	The lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl.	4.000
A man is preparing a snake for cooking.	The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water.	1.000
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	2.6
A monkey is playing drums.	Someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums.	2.500
Someone slices a bottle with a sword.	A man breaks a bottle with a sword.	4.000
Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	4.6
7 killed in attacks in Iraq	27 killed in attacks across Iraq	2
Morsi supporters protest in Egypt	Morsi backers defiant in face of Egypt govt threat	3
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.	Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.	4
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.	4.800
5 killed, 50 injured in Pakistan blast	3 killed, 138 injured in Boston blasts: media	0.8
"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said.	"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete" with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.	3.250
A woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd.	A woman rides an elephant.	3.000
the man is planning to shoot a wedding	the woman is going to a wedding.	1.400000
There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory.	There are many arguments for why this is not the case.	0.00
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	"I'm still not red-hot favourite," Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	3.750
A man is playing a violin.	A woman is using a sewing machine.	0.000
No, you do not NEED a bread machine.	You do not need to worry.	0
The man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man.	A man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer.	5.000
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.	People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.	3.000
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria	Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria	1.60
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.	2.750
A white cat standing on a carpet.	A sheep standing in a forest.	0.4
Three guys in speedos have their feet up on the railing of a boat getting a tan.	A few men on the deck are dropping another man into the water	1.600000
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on what you want to achieve.	2
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.	A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.	3.20
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.	The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.	0.4
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop.	A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop.	4.200
A man is slicing open a fish.	A man is cutting up a fish.	4.400
A woman pours a mixture into a bowl and mixes it.	A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet.	1.250
Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later	US man recovers car 42 years after theft	4
Russians rally against Putin's rule	Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)	3.4
U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition	Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks	2
A young woman dressed in black.	Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.	0.2
A person pours cooking oil into a pot.	A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove.	3.800
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.	The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.	2.200
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia. 	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces.	3.6
A man is cutting a rope with a sword.	The man slced through a thick rope with a sword.	4.400
this is NOT a war deployment.	its not an official deployment.	2.4
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	1.2
A woman is chopping onion.	A man is doing a card trick.	0.000
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.	A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.	3.4
A chef is preparing some food.	A chef prepared a meal.	4.000
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	3
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.	Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.	0
17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq	2.8
Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place?	2.4
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."	"What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."	4.000
It's not a good idea.	No, it's not a good thing.	4
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.	3.600
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.	A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.	0
Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict	Iran says Israel lying about rockets	0.40
Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year.	I understand that the first 3 days are the most important, so much so it is vital you do it then.	0.40
No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott	No agreement at Iran nuclear talks	0.40
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.	A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.	4.00
Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers.	This is indeed possible, but I haven't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility.	0.00
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.	Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	3.000
A woman is squeezing a lemon.	A woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.	4.400
Two boys are jumping into a pool.	Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.	4.20
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.	Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.	4.000
A black train moves down the tracks.	A train traveling down the tracks.	4
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.	0.80
It's definitely NOT what it used to be.	voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be.	4
Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.	You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.	1.80
Stocks edge lower following retail earnings	Stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers	5
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.	A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.	3
The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer, then pan sear it.	Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat, I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface.	1.40
A man is putting broccoli into water.	A person is peeling a potato.	1.000
Severe Gales As Storm Clodagh Hits Britain	Merkel pledges NATO solidarity with Latvia	0
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.	3.000
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	"That really affects the companies, big time," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	1.500
Chinese stocks close higher Thursday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday	1
A clown is singing and people are dancing.	A clown is singing.	3.000
Three no votes would kill it for now.	It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.	3.667
One killed, 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast	Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps	0.80
A woman is riding a horse on the beach.	A woman is washing a bowl.	0.200
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.	Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.	2.400
Andy Murray deserves knighthood, David Cameron says	David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves a knighthood	5
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version. 	warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.	4.4
Yellow boat on a beach.	A yellow boat on shore.	4
A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing a flute.	2.750
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.	4.364
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake	China rocked by twin earthquakes	1.2
No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday	John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing	1
Three boys are dancing.	Kids are dancing.	3.111
The boy is playing the piano.	A boy plays a piano.	5.000
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai. 	alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.	4
It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.	Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils.	0.60
Five birds stand on the snow.	Several cardinals stand in the snow.	3.8
Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal	4.2
Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.	The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma.	0.60
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.	A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.	0.60
Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report	Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA	3
A bird sits in a tree.	A bird sits in a leafless tree.	3.80
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.	But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.	4.500
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s. 	a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.	2.6
Work into it slowly.	It seems to work.	0
Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes	British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes	1.8
A man is eating a pizza.	A man is eating a food.	3.600
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.	3.20
A group of people standing in the street	A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.	2.60
Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice	Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car	0
at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union. 	the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.	3.4
Three women cook.	Two women cooking.	3.200000
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.	A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.	0.00
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.	5.000
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty. 	israel remains outside the treaty.	2
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.	A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	2.8
Israel downs drone from Lebanon	Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon	5.00
We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine.	We had a cat that required daily medication, and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill.	1.40
I had the same problem as you.	I have exactly the same problem.	5
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.	2.600
Senators can return to playoffs with victory	Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory	1.4
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.	2.000
Black train on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks.	4.1
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".	A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.	3.20
The dog is running through a field.	A dog runs through a field.	4.80
The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.	From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?	1.80
A man is carrying another man on his back.	A man is taking pictures of ant.	0.400
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.4
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	4.200
Small boat going down a creek.	a boat moving in a river.	3
Two men are sitting in the room.	Two men are standing in a room.	3.000000
A dog biting on a can.	A dog opens a can of food.	1.750
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58	3.8
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.	In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.	1.200
A young woman is putting stickers all over her face.	A woman is applying stickers to her face.	4.800
A moped in front of steps of ruins.	A moped in front of ruins.	4.4
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	4.8
Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash	49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash	1.4
All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle.	I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares.	0.80
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.	"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.	4.000
Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)	Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return	1.2
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.	The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.	2.200
A blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase.	The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.	5.000000
Egypt presidential election results delayed	Egyptian election result delayed	4.2
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is driving a car.	0.500
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.	Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.	1.80
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.	3.400
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.	Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.	3.750
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.	a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.	1.40
I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal.	So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah.	1.6
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba	4.4
Driver backs into stroller with child, drives off	Driver backs into mom, stroller with child then drives off	4
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.	4.200
I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.	I don't see him as evil at all.	2
My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper.	When using a regular taxi make sure it's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront.	2.00
Three freed in centre abuse probe	Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta	0
Tata Nano and other Indian small cars fail crash tests	How does world's cheapest car do in crash test?	1
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	Room with several computer monitors.	3
A brown dog wades in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.	3.60
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.	2.500
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan	3.6
Two men are playing football.	Two men are practicing football.	3.400
State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible	US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat	3.80
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.	2.200
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.	The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.	3.000
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.	A big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside.	3.750
German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal	German parliament endorses Greek bailout	4.4
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.	4.800
Two girls are jumping high in the air.	Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.	0.20
A guy is taking off his sunglasses.	A boy is removing his sunglasses.	3.800
A woman equestrian riding a horse.	The woman is riding on the brown horse.	3.8
A boy studies a calendar.	A boy is looking at a calendar.	4.400
If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.	If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.	3.1
China's CPI growth slows to 1.8 pct in July	China's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in July	2.6
Presidential vote polarises Egyptians	GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races	0.8
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."	In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."	4.000
I was in a similar situation.	Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift.	2
A grey house with a red door.	House with a red door.	3.4
The dog returns the play toy to its master.	Three dogs race in the snow together.	1.00
Rooney helps Man United beat Everton 3-0 in Premier League	West Ham beats Newcastle 2-0 in Premier League	1
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.	0.6
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.	5.000
A person peels shrimp.	The lady peeled the shrimp.	3.500
Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this?	Did anyone see the footage of this?	3
Pro-Palestinian Activists March to UN Headquarters	Pro-Palestinian activists prepare flotilla to break Gaza blockade	2
The man talked to a girl over the internet camera.	A teenager talks to a girl over a webcam.	2.800
"What does pressing the number one do?"	"Pressing the number one does English."	1.6
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.	Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	2.800
A black and white dog is running through the field.	A black and white dog is running in the grass.	4.80
A soldier walks a dog.	A man walks a dog.	3.200000
A man is chopping coriander leaf.	A man is playing a guitar.	0.800
My experience with Danios has that they always have been "bossy" fish.	Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	3.00
A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing a keyboard.	1.000
Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow	NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow	3.6
A dog is running around a yard.	A black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house.	3.200
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.	2.200
A person dices up an orange pepper.	The cook is slicing bell peppers.	1.800
A cat is drinking milk.	A kitten is drinking milk.	4.000
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army	Bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600	2.8
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.	2.6
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.	A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.	3.00
A man is doing exercise.	A man is firing a rifle.	0.500
A man is running on the road.	A car is driving down the road.	1.000
You burn more Calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat.	The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.	2
Gunmen kidnap airline pilots in Lebanon	Gunmen kidnap 2 Turkish Airlines pilots in Lebanon	4.2
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.	The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.	3.400
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.	A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.	2.2
I'd start by reading David Allen's book: Getting Things Done.	I'm considering spending the $48 per month on the GTD (Getting things done) system advertised by David Allen.	3.00
D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana	DC votes to decriminalize pot	5.00
Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe	Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe	3.2
and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.	Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.	4.6
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.	A crowd of people at an outdoor event	2.40
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack	2.20
I would personally beware of the Motley Fool.	I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool.	2
A motorcycle parked next to a car.	A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.	3
Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	0.00
Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis	Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis	3.4
A man is pouring oil into a pan.	A man is pouring oil into a skillet.	4.200
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June	Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April	1.60
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands	MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands	4.80
Death toll rises in Russia plane crash	Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash	0
A woman is slicing some tofu.	A woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes.	4.000
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.	2.750
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.	The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.	2.600
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.	There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.	0
council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?	Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?	4.8
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.	3.400
A guy and a girl are rock climbing with backpacks on.	Two boys are riding on a toy with a blonde girl running long side of them.	0.000000
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.	3.200
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.	2.400
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	a black and white cow standing in the field.	4.2
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping	Two French journalists abducted, killed in Northern Mali	4.60
Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times.	Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family, the owners of the village.	1.20
French Socialist Party wins parliament victory	French Socialists win absolute parliament majority	3.8
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment hits record high	3.4
Russia Destroys Over 75% of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile	Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons	1
If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment, the best book is to start with Is Fromkin, Introduction to language.	This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters' in Linguistics.	1.40
China army newspaper hits out at US's PRISM programme	China army newspaper slams US's PRISM program	5
Unfortunately, this question cannot be answered in its full generality.	This cannot be answered in general.	4
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.	A dog jumps off the stairs.	0.80
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.	The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.	3.40
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.	Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.	3.8
Mayor says 14 dead in Texas fertilizer plant blast	Rescuers search for survivors of Texas fertiliser plant blast	1.4
The two men are wearing jeans.	The two men are wearing pants.	4.400000
Erdogan's party submits plan for Turkish presidency	Erdogan's party aims for Turkish presidency	3.6
A woman plays the guitar.	A man sings and plays the guitar.	1.750
Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election	Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote	0.20
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.	BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.	3.600
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.	But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.	5.000
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.	Five birds stand on the snow.	2.8
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.	She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.	4.400
I have the same thing.	I have the exact same problem.	4
"Then the captain was gone.	Then the captain came back.	0.8
Turkish police mass near Istanbul park protest area	British police deny protecting sex abuser Savile	0
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.	Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.	4.400
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.	1.000
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.	A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.	4.60
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive. 	in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il.	1.2
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.	Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.	2.250
41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq	1.8
A man is running on a field.	A man climbs up a rope.	1.000
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is peeling an apple.	2.000
A woman is slicing a big pepper.	A person is cutting a green pepper.	3.400
You can use it, too.	You can still use it for practice.	2
Fashion designer Lilly Pulitzer dies	Designer, Socialite Lilly Pulitzer Dies at 81	4
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.	Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.	3.750
A man is slam dunking a ball.	A woman is slicing some onions.	0.000
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats	Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats	5.00
Three teenage girls danced in the room.	Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.	2.400
Man standing in front of silver train.	Man standing in front of a silver rail car.	4.4
Baseball players playing a game at the park.	A basketball player, playing in the home coming game.	1.600000
New Jersey School Bans Hugging	US school bans hugging	3.6
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.	A man in a tux on a white horse.	3.6
Hope this is what you are looking for.	If what you are looking for is much higher, they get the picture.	1
Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq	Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative, Catherine Ashton, on the resumption of executions in Iraq	3.2
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.	A Guinea pig eats a carrot.	3.500
Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies	Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win	0.00
A woman is slicing big pepper.	A man is playing an instrument.	0.000
"In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history," Bush said.	Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.	4.250
A dog runs through the grass.	Two dogs run through the brush.	2.80
A white airplane is parked on the cement.	A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.	0.8
Three young women standing in a room together.	Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.	0.4
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.	Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.	4.333
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe). 	russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.	1.8
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006. 	since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.	5
Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.	1.4
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.	A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.	0.00
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.	3.000
A girl is singing on stage.	A man is singing on stage.	2.800
Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012	Forex & Gold 19 July 2012	2.2
It depends on what they are.	It depends on what they are evaluating, and how.	2
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.	WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.	2.800
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.	4.000
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.	2.600
Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan	Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan	2.6
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.	a young child running along the shore at a beach	1.80
Meat is being put into a skillet.	A woman is putting a baby into a trash can.	0.400
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.	Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.	4.80
Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.	I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.	0.00
Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds.	It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.	0.60
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is singing while playing the guitar.	3.600
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with "ELF" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said.	Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright.	3.500
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.	With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.	4.400
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track	4.00
The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing guitar.	5.000
Iraq violence kills 11	Iraq violence kills seven	2.2
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.	Two grey dogs running in green grass.	4.60
A dog is looking into swimming pool.	A dog is walking along the edge of a pool.	2.600
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.	In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.	2.400
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June	Mubarak retrial adjourned to June	4
Israelis, Palestinians resume talks in US	Israelis, Palestinians begin talks	3.8
The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.	Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic.	2.2
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	Jeff Bezos Pays $250 Million For The Washington Post	4.2
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.	3.500
A man is exercising.	A girl is exercising.	3.000
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes	A man and two women dressed in costumes.	3.40
"Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	"I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."	4.000
Egypt's Coptic Pope Shenuda III dies	Egypt prepares to bury Coptic Pope Shenuda III	3.6
Three Afghans killed in suicide attack	Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan	3.6
two motorbikes on a dirt track.	Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.	3.6
a dog jumps into the water.	A dog is jumping into the water.	5.00
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.	1.00
So answer the question.	Stop avoiding the question.	3.4
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	Bird sitting on a log in a lake.	0.4
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress	Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight	1.00
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition	Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention	0.60
Two animals sitting on a rock.	Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	1.6
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany	Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17	1.00
Two firefighters killed in New York ambush	Two New York firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush	2.6
A man is cutting apple by his hand.	A man is cutting carpet with a knife.	1.500
Wall Street Opens Lower	Wall Street Ends Mixed	2
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	4.750
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.	The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.	3.000
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan	10 killed in road accident in NW Pakistan	3.2
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.	At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.	5.000
Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast	Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast	4
NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	0.8
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.	Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.	3.750
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake	At least 89 dead in China earthquakes	2.80
Hassoun to Mauritanian delegation: conspiracy imposed on Syria targets its stances, particularly over Palestine	Mufti : conspiracy aginst Syria targets its stances, particularly towards Palestine	3.20
Morsi's supporters reject plan	Morsi supporters march in Egypt	2.40
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests	Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest	4
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.	A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.	3.40
a black and white cow in hay.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	4
A man seated is playing the guitar.	A man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone.	3.250
Tokyo shares open higher over buoyant U.S. market	Tokyo shares open higher tracing U.S. gains	4
A chef is slicing carrot.	A person is drawing a picture.	0.000
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.	Four blue and yellow planes in flight.	4.2
A lady and her daughter look through a microscope.	A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.	4.600000
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army	Labor ministry announcement due on Monday	0.00
Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal	Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal	3
This doesn't answer your question, but:	This is a part answer to your question	1
Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30	Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six	1.4
A man is playing a guitar.	A man plays the guitar.	5.000
A woman tosses a cat in the air, and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling.	A person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling.	3.500
Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing	Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase	5.00
Breivik complains of 'ridicule'	Breivik: Jail term 'ridiculous'	1.8
A woman is swinging her arms.	A woman is slicing an onion.	0.800
7 killed in monster truck crash	6 killed in Mexico ‘monster truck’ crash	3.2
Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals	Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans	1
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks	4.80
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.	The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.	3.500
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region. 	elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.	4.6
China treasury bond futures open higher Tuesday	China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday	1
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.	Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.	4.400
There are a couple of options that you could consider:	There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you.	1
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13	Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14	3.00
'Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge	Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges	2
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.	That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.	3.500
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.	A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.	4.40
Protests after George Zimmerman acquitted in Trayvon Martin case	Zimmerman acquitted in slaying	3
any woman that wants birth control can get it.	Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.	1.6
A woman holds a kangaroo.	A woman is picking up a kangaroo.	3.250
Obama queries Turnbull over China port deal	Spanish bulls gore seven to death	0
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria	4.8
I'm afraid we are out of luck in this one.	I think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck.	5
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.	2.80
A man and a woman are riding on their bicycles.	A man and woman are riding a motorcycle.	2.000
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.	A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.	4.80
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.	But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.	4.600
"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.	"We've become like total strangers," John told a pal two days before his death.	3.250
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.	3.600
Large group of people standing outside of a building.	A group of people are ice skating in a big city.	2.00
Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite	Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Korea’s elite	4
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.	A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.	4.4
You don't need any visa.	You don't need sauce at all.	0
US Military Aircraft Hit in S. Sudan, 4 Wounded	US military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in South Sudan	3.2
The lamb is looking at the camera.	A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.	0
A man dives into a pool.	A man dives into a swimming pool.	5.000
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.	The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.	3.000
Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting	Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting	0.8
As soon as possible.	Start them as early as possible.	4
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.	A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.	4.60
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner	Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner	3.60
Two dogs running through a field.	Two dogs play in a field.	4.20
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.	At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.	3.000
Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK	Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs	1.25
South Korean economic growth falls to 3-year low	S. Korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low	4.6
Two dogs swim in a pool.	Dogs are swimming in a pool.	4.200
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman peels a potato.	5.000
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.	3.8
Kranjcar leaves it late to rescue QPR against Moses-inspired Stoke	Harry Kane leaves it late to rescue a point for Tottenham Hotspur	0
A skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe.	A man skateboards on a half pipe.	3.500
The man spread butter on the loaf of bread.	A man is spreading butter onto bread.	4.000
A boy plays baseball.	A man is playing baseball.	3.00
Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper	Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested	1.4
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.	3.750
He is about to run into the boat	The man is getting his boat clean to take it out on the water.	1.200000
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons	Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast	2.20
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.	A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.	3.60
French forces take key Mali town	French forces seize key town	3.8
I'm going to go out on a limb here...	I'm going to be very direct here.	2
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan	Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan	4.60
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said.	3.250
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.	Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.	2.800
if you could kill one person to save four, would you?	As to would I kill  person to save , I have no idea.	2
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal	4
Li Na to announce retirement	US Senator Ted Cruz to announce presidential bid	0
A woman slices tofu.	A woman is cutting tofu.	5.000
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	"We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story."	3.400
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.	1.800
I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is an answer for this.	4
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.	3.750
A man cuts up potatos.	A man slices potatoes.	4.800
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links	Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports	4
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !	You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year.	0.20
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.	A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.	0
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	People stand outside a bookstore.	0.8
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv	1.80
A man is cutting a fish.	A man guts a fish.	3.000
Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery	UK's Prince Philip hospitalized	3.00
Gunman may have filmed school massacre	Killer may have filmed France school shooting	3
The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English.	Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me.	1.60
Two dogs running through tall grass.	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	4.60
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.	1.500
A man rides a large black motorbike.	A child sits in a large black leather chair.	0
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.	1.40
ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones	Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained	2.8
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.	Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.	2.750
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan	3.60
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.	1.500
Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal	Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal	4.8
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.	PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.	3.200
Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai, Kill 6	Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai, kill 4	2.8
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.	3.200
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.	A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.	3.4
A small bird perched on an icy branch.	A yellow bird perched on a branch.	3.2
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.	1.000
The whole earth combined produces enough food for  billion people.	Who does it now only produce enough for  billion?	2.2
10 Things to Know for Wednesday	10 Things to Know for Today	3
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.	3.600
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.	The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.	3.400
'Large and extremely dangerous' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City	Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area	1.6
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.	0.60
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference	UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference	5.00
The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.	There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US.	2.60
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.	0.80
Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence	Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence	1.20
Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack	Teenager kills 8 in knife attack	3.2
Storm buries Northeast; 16 inches of snow in NJ	Forum urges stable relations for China, Japan	0.00
4.1 magnitude quake strikes U.S	7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines	1
Sensex down 193 points on budget blues	Romney won't volunteer budget differences	1
The man cut up an onion.	A man is dancing.	0.600
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.	2.600
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali	3.40
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.	3.800
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.	3.000
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.	3.800
The man hit the other man with a stick.	The man spanked the other man with a stick.	4.200
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.	4.000
any woman that wants birth control can get it.	Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.	1.6
Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip	Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)	3
Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers	Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers	3.2
11 killed in Chinese police station attack	Eleven killed in China police station attack	5
A woman sits alone against a brick wall	A woman is walking with a red bag.	1.20
A passenger train in the snow.	A passenger train waiting in a station.	2.2
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.	4.250
Two Sumo ringers are fighting each other.	A man rides a water toy in the water.	0.000
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen	Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history	3.60
Somalia's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack	Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon	1.2
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.	Three people preparing to canoe.	3
Two birds flying towards water feeder.	Two birds flying near bird feeders.	3.6
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.	Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	1.4
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.	2.750
US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists	US designates Haqqani network as terrorists	4.4
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.	2.000
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	1.600
The lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp.	A woman is cleaning a shrimp.	4.500
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.	1.750
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.	In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.	5.000
A man is picking up a tree.	A man is carrying a tree.	3.800
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.	2.4
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	1
A woman reads while on public transportation.	A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.	1.60
You answered your own question.	You've answered your own question already.	5
In a gym, the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar.	Alright, there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address.	0.00
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.	3.400
Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title	Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title	3.2
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects. 	bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.	1.4
Obama orders Syria 'gas attack' inquiry	UN urges Syria gas attack inspection	2
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want.	0
A woman boils eggs.	A woman places two eggs into a pot of water.	3.000
U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia	US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan	4
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	A woman is cutting potatoes.	1.800
A man climbing a rock-face.	A man is climbing a rock wall.	4.60
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.	A boy jumping in the air on the beach.	4.80
A man spreads butter on a big piece of bread.	A man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread.	3.500
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan	British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan	1
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	"I know of nobody who pressured anybody," Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a Pentagon briefing.	3.800
Religion that does that I have a problem with.	Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.	1.4
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	4.400
A baby elephant is eating a small tree.	A little girl peddling a scooter.	0.000
A man is playing flute.	A man is petting a tied up dog.	0.200
Someone is pouring chicken broth into a pot.	The man is pouring broth into the pot.	3.750
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.	"We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy," said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.	2.000
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment	Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.	0.00
A man is playing his guitar at Joe's Cafe.	The man is playing the drums for his mom.	1.200000
Someone fell off a horse.	A man gets knocked off of a horse.	3.500
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	A man with a top hat riding a white horse.	3.6
Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?	One word: Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?	3.8
A dog is barking at a toy.	The little dog barked at the electronic toy.	3.750
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	A baby is sitting in the grass.	0
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.	3.80
Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico	Suspected drug lord known as ‘El Taliban’ held in Mexico	2.6
It's also a matter of taste.	It's mostly a matter of taste.	5
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.	A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.	4.40
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.	2.400
Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt's Sinai -sources	Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt's Sinai	3.2
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.	A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.	4.80
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.	Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.	4.000
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.	3.000
A man is eating wood.	A man is adding oil to car.	0.500
Three men are playing guitars.	Three men are on stage playing guitars.	3.750
You don't have to know.	You don't have equipments/facilities to do research in B.	0
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality/history to do so.	0
I'd be more inclined to believe that it's some sort of ring world.	It is not hollow, it is round just as our world.	1.80
A man is playing a guitar and singing.	A man is playing a guitar.	3.200
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday	4.6
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.	He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.	5.000
The girls danced on the stage.	A girl is putting on makeup.	0.333
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.	A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.	0.60
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.	A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.	0.00
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.	3.400
A person is riding a horse.	A man is riding a motorcycle.	1.800
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.	Close up of the headlights on a blue car.	4
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.	A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.	3.2
Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either.	I don't think what she's saying is that controversial.	3.8
A woman is peeling an onion.	The woman is slicing green onions.	3.250
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.	2.60
There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.	There is no more sperm cell.	2.4
Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria	'Dozens killed' in Syrian air strike on bakery	5
The puppy is outdoor.	A man in printed board shorts is doing a yoga pose on the beach.	0.000000
A man rides off on a motorcycle.	A man is riding on a motorcycle.	4.400
A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.	A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.	3.250
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.	Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.	3.800
A person on a bmx bike.	A man on a bike in mid-air	3.00
Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy	In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy	3
Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.	I've assumed this as well in my argument.	2.8
We are moving "... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo".	There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.	0.80
If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.	If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics.	2.2
A dog licks up a baby's drool.	A dog licks a baby.	2.200
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.	4.400
Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters	Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency	0.60
A man is cutting a potato.	A woman is climbing a rock wall.	0.000
Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos	Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos	3.8
A woman is dancing near a fire.	A woman is cutting a tomatoe.	0.308
Two women give a demonstration at a Renaissance Fair.	Two people are doing a demonstration at a renaissance fair.	4.200000
Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill	Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory	4.4
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.	A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.	0
Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying	Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets	4.6
George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin	George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says	4
A man stands in front of a train.	A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.	2
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.	A man is climbing a rope.	0.400
You can use it, too.	You can do it, too.	3
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.	Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.	3.500
Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%	3.80
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.	4.600
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.	Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.	4.20
It is hard to speak for a team, know what their strategy is going into a draft.	Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement.	2.60
A dog shaking off water.	A dog shaking water off.	5.00
This dog is jumping through the water.	Two dogs running through the water on a beach.	2.20
A woman is cutting an onion.	A man is chopping an onion.	2.000
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.	4
shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel. 	donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.	0.6
The two officers are driving	Two officers are on horses.	2.200000
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"	Martin said, "Why are you following me?"	0.9
Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon	0.8
There was girl stranded on the roof.	The couple was on the bed.	0.200000
A boy riding on a swing.	A young boy riding in a swing.	4.80
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.	2.8
Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30	Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six	1
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.	Two dogs running down a path in the woods.	1.60
US Senate votes to advance Iran nuclear review bill	US scientists praise Iran nuclear deal	1
Irreligion that does that I have a problem.	Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.	1.6
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	0.750
A man has his son on his back	A man spent his time with his son.	2.400000
The child is the woman's kid.	There is a boy and a girl.	0.800000
A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up.	The man is short hair.	0.600000
I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents.	I know this is an old question but I feel I should add my 2 cents.	5
No blocks to investment	India allows Pakistan investment	2
They have actually showed a cooling trend since  due to the recent decline.	get a cooling trend from  because of the recent decline.	4.6
Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	4.4
All eyes on new Pak army chief Raheel Sharif	Flood alerts in France as river levels rise	0.00
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences. 	the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.	4.2
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach	2.20
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.	A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.	0.80
A man and woman are walking.	A man and woman walking hold each other.	3.200
A black dog is running in the grass.	A black and a brown dog running in the grass.	3.20
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.	If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.	3.067
- Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.	and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.	3.8
A girl is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.	2.800
A musician is smearing jam on his white guitar at a concert.	Trombonist playing the her instrument in a band for a parade.	0.400000
She was a great lady.	She was a nice lady.	4
A man is standing on a roof top playing a violin.	A man is on a roof dancing.	1.800
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.	Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.	5.000
There's no chance of a fair trial.	there is no chance at a fair trial.	5
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.	PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	1.400
Work into it slowly.	You work on it slowly.	4
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.	Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.	2.4
their vast properties are protected by the govt.	their great wealth is protected by the govt.	3.2
Mursi takes oath of office, becomes Egyptian president	Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president	3.8
A man does floor exercises.	A man is exercising.	3.600
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation	Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation	0.60
Two beige dogs play in the grass.	two tan dogs play in the grass	4.60
Adding aspirin to the water could kill the plant.	Men are trying to remove oil from a body of water.	0.000000
A person is scaling a rock wall.	A person and a horse are above a fence.	0.200000
united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed. 	hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program.	1.2
I know I'd hate to be him.	I'd hate to be him too.	4.4
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.	3.400
Iran ends cooperation agreement with Pakistan	Iran, Tajikistan sign cooperation agreement	2
A man is swinging in a rope.	A gibbon is swinging in the trees.	1.250
The sky has very little to no clouds.	This Lady might be ready for Rock Climbing, or just watching the Clouds, above.	0.400000
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria	2.2
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else," Parrish said.	3.400
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.	"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.	4.200
Black and white cat lying under bush.	The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.	2.4
A cow is eating grass.	A dog is pulling a girl down a hill.	0.000
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.	A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.	3.6
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.	0.4
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology. 	lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	3.2
Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat	Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays	0.00
A woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them.	A man is walking with several dogs.	2.000
A man and a woman looking at the camera.	A man and a woman laughing.	2.33
A cook seasons some dough.	A man is seasoning some dough in a pan.	3.750
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.	"I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said.	3.750
Someone is scratching an animals belly.	A woman is stroking a lemur.	2.000
Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'	Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great	4.60
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	3.000
China stocks close mixed Friday	China stocks open lower Friday	1.6
A woman is riding a horse along a perimeter.	A dog is riding a skateboard.	0.600
A cat is playing the piano.	A cat is licking its paw.	0.250
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.	A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.	2.20
ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police	NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south	3
Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process	Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace	3.80
The polar bears fought over the kill.	Polar bears are fighting each other.	3.400
Clinton: US, Europe must do more against tyrants	Clinton: US, Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants	4.4
Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks	Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks	3.6
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor. 	senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.	4
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.	The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.	1.800
You need to make up your mind.	You need to polish up on your logic skills.	0.6
Two cows standing in a large field.	The cow is grazing in a field.	2.8
A man is slicing cucumber with a knife.	A man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet.	0.750
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.	3.20
3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel	4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow	0.20
Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel	Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers	2.4
The man is slicing a fish open.	A man is slicing a potato.	2.200
The lady sliced a tomatoe.	Someone is cutting a tomato.	4.000
Shinzo Abe Selected as Japan’s Prime Minister	Shinzo Abe is Japan's prime minister	4.2
The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.	This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist.	0.20
The cougar is chasing the bear.	A cougar is chasing a bear.	5.000
Man arrested after police officer shot in Leeds	Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death	0.4
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.	2.400
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.	2.400
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.	A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.	3.600
3 dead, 4 missing in central China construction accident	One dead, 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident	0.40
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.	4.400
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	A woman is riding her bicycle.	0.50
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.	A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	4
A look at major terror attacks in East Africa	UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital	1.60
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.	3.500
wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project. 	south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.	3
A woman is writing something.	A woman is chopping green onions.	0.800
Four boys are standing in front of the burning car.	Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them.	3.750
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.	4.000
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	Two cats are looking at a window.	3.8
Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen	Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen	3.6
A group of sheep in a field.	A group of horses grazing in a field.	1.6
A rule of thumb that I've heard is "for small children, big dogs".	Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.	1.40
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.	Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.	3.750
India gang-rape victim "struggling against the odds"	Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital	1.8
Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom	Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban	0.6
A woman is sewing on a machine.	A woman is breading some meat.	0.600
A man is dangling a mouse near a snake.	A man is feeding a mice to a snake.	3.200
Bombings kill 9 people in Iraqi capital	Bombings kill 19 people in Iraq	2
Communist rebels ambush Philippine police, kill 7	Communist rebels kill eight Philippine police	4
The lady chopped up the green onions.	The lady cut up a green onion.	4.800
The girl is tiding up her bed.	A woman is making a bed.	2.500
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices.	A man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread.	2.000
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.	Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.	2.700
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.	A woman is frying meat.	1.250
A woman is slicing pumpkin.	A person is slicing cantaloupe.	2.000
A man riding a white horse.	A woman with a white horse.	2.2
Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law	U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law	3.8
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash	At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast	0.40
A man is crying.	A man is screaming.	3.000
For fiction, I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks.	To answer your question, yes, I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later.	1.80
'Arrest warrant' for Maldives ex-president	Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president	4.5
A man is playing a guitar.	A man tries to read the paper.	0.800
US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant	US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief	3.8
The man is playing the guitar.	The man is playing with a skull.	1.000
A man is playing guitar.	A boy is playing a guitar.	3.200
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.	One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.	2.000
A man is doing a stunt on his bicycle.	A man is doing a wheelie on his motorcycle.	3.200000
Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday	Obama to set out gun control plans	3.6
Personal responsibility much?	Again, personal responsibility.	4.4
They can be out of level by a bit, but flat is important.	Yes, although they can be a bit sour.	0
Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead	Southwest China quakes kill at least 50	0.2
Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	3.4
Bombings, clashes continue in Syria	Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms	3.4
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.	2.00
A person is drawing on a large touchscreen.	A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.	3.000
A cat swings on a ceiling fan.	A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan.	4.200
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	2.800
A brown dog chases a Frisbee	A brown dog squating on grass.	1.60
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.	Lots of people play in the water at the beach.	2.40
An animal is biting a persons finger.	A slow loris is biting a persons finger.	3.000
China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday	China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday	2
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.	National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.	2.600
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle.	Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon.	3.800
The woman is styling her hair.	The woman is slicing herbs.	0.200
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.	A boy in a robe sits in a chair.	4.20
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	3.4
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.	A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.	0.8
Cheap generics no panacea for India’s poorest	Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India's poorest	3.8
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.	The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.	2.250
A woman is holding a dancing baby up.	A woman is abusing her child.	1.000
He's not wealthy because he's successful.	Why hate people because they are successful?	0.8
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.	The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.	3.000
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush	Bangladesh prison van ambushed	3.40
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.	The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.	5.000
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.	3.600
Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea	China sends carrier to South China Sea	2.40
A black dog retrieves in the snow.	A skateboarder jumping in the street.	0.00
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.	The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.	0
a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia. 	suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.	3
It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.	The exact timeline hasn't been listed yet, but there are a few assumptions we can make.	0.20
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	3.00
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.	A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.	0.60
You do not need to worry.	You don't have to worry.	5
Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013	Pictures of the day: 11 April 2013	2.8
A woman riding a brown horse.	A young girl riding a brown horse.	3.8
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.	A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.	4.40
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking. 	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.	4.6
HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria	Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria	2.2
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	3.800
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.	The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.	2.600
Child sliding in the snow.	Man sleeping on the street.	0.00
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying. 	the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.	5
The military officer barked at the recruits.	An officer is talking to recruits.	2.500
Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse	Select images from Bangladesh building collapse	2.20
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.	5.000
Miss New York Crowned Miss America 2013	Miss New York is crowned Miss America	3
China sacks top economic official	China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials	0.40
A woman is slicing butter.	A woman slices tofu.	1.800
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.	A white bus with water and a barge in the background.	3.8
Two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.	Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.	1.400000
People are walking in the garden.	One boy is talking with other man.	0.000
A cat is rubbing against baby's face.	A cat is rubbing against a baby.	3.800
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.	A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.	2.6
A girl is riding a horse.	A girl is riding a bicycle.	1.917
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.	The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.	4.000
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.	A yellow school bus parked in a field.	4
Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest	Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising	3.33333333333333
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.	Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.	3.800
The man is mixing whipping cream.	The man is holding a skunk.	0.000
A dog sat at the counter of a store.	The dog is standing at the counter.	2.600
Red double decker bus driving down a street.	A red two story bus driving along the street.	3.8
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.	A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	2.20
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.	3.400
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.6
The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics.	Side note first: I don't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions.	0.60
A man is cutting bread.	A man is doing tricks with a soccer ball.	1.000
Three men sit on a bench.	two men sit on a bench.	3.200000
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.	Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.	2.600
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.	In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.	3.800
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.	In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.	2.000
IAF strike Gaza terror hubs	IAF strikes Gaza terror cell; 1 dead	3.2
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.	4.200
Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying	Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption	0.00
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage	4.6
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.	The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.	4.000
A man is playing a guitar.	A man in a hat is playing a harp.	1.400
Tycoon claims win in Ukraine and promises to seek future in EU	Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election	0
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.	It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.	3.500
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.	3.800
A person on a snowmobile.	A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.	3.60
A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man sings with a guitar.	4.750
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.	0
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey in March: report	Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey	4.2
Burundi police fire tear gas at protesters	Montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition	1
Operation Chaos is merely people voting.	Chaos is merely people voting.	4
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.	Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.	3.400
Deputy speaker faces new sex claims	Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested	2.00
Poll: Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate	Nigella Lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade'	0.00
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.	But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.	4.800
This is not your country.	This is our country.	1.4
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.	A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.	0.00
A person is playing an electronic keyboard.	A kid is playing keyboard.	3.400
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera.	4.2
British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge	Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts	2.4
A black dog is running through some water.	A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.	0.00
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.	Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.	3.750
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal. 	the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.	2.4
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty. 	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.	4.4
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:	I'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want?	2
A woman is talking on a cell phone.	A man and woman are talking on the phone.	3.000
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	A cat looking out of a window.	2.6
Originally Posted by jacko!	Originally Posted by IZZY!	1.2
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.	Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.	4.60
Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice.	I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.	4.00
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.	1.600
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.	This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.	2.000
A plane being readied for take-off.	A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.	3.4
Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Three men in suits sitting at a table.	0.4
the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo. 	the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.	2.2
Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final' peace deal after positive talks	Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes	1.60
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.	Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.	2.800
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.	4.000
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.	The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.	5.000
What isn't how what was sold?	It's not how it was sold, gb.	1.6
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum	Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum	5.00
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.	A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.	3.4
A woman is dancing.	A man is talking.	0.000
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.	4.000
The man is walking.	A man is talking.	1.400
A few more point to think about:	A few things to think about:	5
You are on the right path.	You are right on the mark.	4
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.	Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.	4.000
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.	The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.	4.308
California governor declares drought emergency	California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn	3.60
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.	Two women are dancing.	0.800
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.	A passenger train with a yellow engine.	1.8
7 dead in Christian school shooting	5 wounded in Ohio school shooting	1.4
The man did pushups on a wall.	The man tased the food.	0.250
The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela's memory	Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela's death	1.30
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.	3.200
And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?	Still refusing to answer my questions?	3.4
Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday	Singapore shares open 0.19% higher on Thursday	2
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	2 Gaza rockets hit Israel; no injuries	4.8
Plastic toys are floating in water.	The ladies are performing a dance.	0.000
It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give.	You can always ask, then it is the choice of the author to accept or not.	3.60
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."	4.750
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo	Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow	0.80
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	It depends on your company.	3
Armstrong steps down from Livestrong	Armstrong standing down from Livestrong	4.6
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.	A beagle walks along the calm shore.	4.40
Ive watched kids play.	I like watching kids play.	2.2
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.	4.000
Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal	Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker	2
A woman is eating something.	A woman is eating meat.	3.000
Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims	Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic	1
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	Red double decker bus with hood up.	2.2
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	5
A man walks down a path.	A man walks across a tight rope.	0.800
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.	The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.	4.400
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".	"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.	4.000
A man is speaking.	A man is cooking.	0.800
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.	A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.	0.80
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.	In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.	3.400
A couple are running towards the ocean.	A man and and woman are running together, holding hands.	2.818
A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a horse.	1.400
Two cows crossing a road intersection.	Two cows cross a paved street.	3.8
If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans..	If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans..	3.2
A monkey is brushing a bull dog.	A monkey brushes a dog.	4.200
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk	Alps attack: Girl returns to UK	4
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school	Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School	5.00
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.	But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.	1.250
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.	3.750
Queen to name biggest ever carrier	Queen names giant aircraft carrier	4.20
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse	Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse	2.2
A man eats popcorn while watching cartoons late one night.	A man and a girl are watching cartoons at home	2.800000
A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.	The dog played with a bug on the carpet.	3.600
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.	A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.	2.8
A bird eating from a bird feeder.	A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.	3.2
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally	3.80
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	A woman in a pink top posing with beer.	0.2
a dog runs through the long grass.	A dog lays down in the long green grass.	2.60
Primer/paint will not work.	Nope that will not work.	2
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.	The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.	4.750
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze. 	the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze.	3.8
A group of people living in the desert	A group of people in the middle of the desert.	4.000000
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.	4.60
A puppy is trying to come out from the sink.	The puppy tried to get out of the tub.	3.000
It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It depends how you're stating it.	2
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.	A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.	1.80
It's not a good idea.	It's a good question.	0
UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty	UN: US drone strikes violate Pakistan's sovereignty	4.4
A woman is about to paint.	A boy is about to take a picture.	1.000000
A motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle.	A person crashes on a motorcycle.	4.200
A dog bounds across the brown grass.	Two dogs bound across the grass.	2.60
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.	A group of children do stretches on colored mats.	1.60
The white dog runs across the snow.	A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.	1.40
Scientists prove there is water on Mars	Has Nasa discovered water on Mars?	2
Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion	Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case	3
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.	The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.	2.750
Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14	Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12	2
A man is slicing an onion.	A man slices an onion.	5.000
N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill	North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan	3.6
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.	3.400
I've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road.	A treadmill won't prepare you for the impact of running for real.	3.20
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The black and white dog is running on the grass.	4.80
Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border	Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe	2.60
No, nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority.	There is always "transitional authority" by virtue of the writing of regulations.	2.00
A surfer on a wave.	A surfer is riding a wave.	4.40
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan	1.20
A player bounces a ball.	A player catching a ball.	1.600000
A bull standing in the field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	1.4
A woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl.	A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl.	3.800
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.	3.500
not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.	Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.	3
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.	At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.	3.400
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.	1.2
A man is adding oil to car.	A man is putting anti-freeze into a car.	2.000
A baseball player throws the ball.	The basketball player holds the ball.	1.60
Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack	Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack	0.40
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.	The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.	4.000
No, none of those factors account for the recent warming.	You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not.	3
A man is playing the drums.	A woman is slicing some leaves.	0.000
A man is preparing a hanging rope.	A man is tying a noose.	4.667
US Attorney General Holder resigns	US Attorney general Eric Holder to resign	4
Housing starts up 6.8% in May	May Housing Starts Up 6.8%	4.6
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 	nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.	2.4
Butter is being put into a bowl.	A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl.	4.250
A man is talking with a woman.	A woman is walking with a dog.	0.500
Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent.	It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages.	2.20
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.	Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.	3.000
Cars, drivers plunge into river after Wash. I-5 bridge collapse	Cars plunge into river as US bridge collapses	3
The shirtless man sat in a chair.	A shirtless man is sitting on a chair.	3.800
A man is making a bed.	A woman is playing a guitar.	0.000
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks	Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks	3.6
Two cows standing in a large field.	Horse standing in a field.	1.6
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.	3.200
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.	Three children playing on the floor.	3.80
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.	3.400
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.	In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.	1.500
Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?	US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons	1
A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child's bike is in the background.	The old woman in shorts and a white t-shirt is standing on a path watching children play.	0.800000
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.	He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.	3.000
EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group	EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list	4.80
The boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors.	A boy cuts grass with scissors.	3.750
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.	4.750
Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .	Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.	1.60
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release	Israel agrees to free 104 Palestinian prisoners	2
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistan Taliban vows revenge, to repay Hakimullah's killing in bloodshed	2.6
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society. 	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.	4
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.	3
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan. 	north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on	4
Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls	Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote	0.6
You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.	You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them.	2.6
Women are talking.	The men are talking.	2.600
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.	The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.	4.667
Murray ends 77-year wait for British win	Murray wins Wimbledon title ends Britains 77year agony	5
Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court	Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court	4
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	4.60
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.	A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.	3
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	Two men sailing in a small sailboat.	0
A man is riding a skateboard.	A woman is cutting a potato.	0.000
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.	A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	2.4
A dog running across the sand	A dog running through the water.	2.80
An animal run in circles.	A squirrel runs in circles.	3.800
Thai army declares martial law	Thailand's army declares martial law, denies coup	3
Hollande 'threatens legal action' after affair allegations	François Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims	4
Annan, UN chief call on Security Council to act on Syria	Russia, China veto UN Security Council resolution on Syria	1.8
A man is playing a musical keyboard.	A man is playing a keyboard piano.	5.000
Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees	Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees	1.6
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons	U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House	2.20
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	A person skiing down a snowy hill.	4.20
In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems.	Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals.	2.20
'Credibility on the line over Syria'	Obama: Congress, world credibility on line	1.4
New video shows US police officers beating mentally-ill man	New York police officer critically wounded in hatchet attack	0
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.	Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.	3.200
The headlights on a blue car.	Close up of the headlights on a blue car.	4.2
2 of the individuals arrested were released. 	2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles.	1.6
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.	Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.	3.40
News summary for March 11	News summary for January 14	1.8
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is slicing a tomato.	1.333
Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes	Israel unveils plans for new settler homes	3.8
Suicide bomber hits funeral in Iraq	Suicide bomber strikes in Syria	1.8
Iranians Vote in Presidential Election	Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election	0.4
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.	Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.	3.8
We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?	@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?	4.8
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.	The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department.	3.667
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region	4.8
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.	France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.	2.000
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	"I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.	2.800
Obama to meet with China‚Äôs Xi in California June 7-8	Obama to meet Ukrainian prime minister at White House	2.20
37 killed in bus crash in Italy	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan	1.2
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast	3.6
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep	0.20
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.	four people are on a boat on green water.	2.8
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.	Matt Holliday owns, y'all.	3.8
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."	3.500
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.	3.200
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.	Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.	3.200
Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts	Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain	3.8
French election turnout higher than expected	French presidential election: first round - live updates	1
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.	4.000
A person breaks an egg into a small bowl.	A man cracks an egg.	2.600
One dead in Ohio school shooting	1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting	3.2
My son didn't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday.	Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years.	1.60
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.	Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.	4.80
Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike	Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike	2.2
A woman is slicing up some meat.	A woman is breading some meat.	2.250
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.	0.750
Yes, dull dialog should be removed completely (or transformed to interesting dialog).	I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.	1.80
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	4.4
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.	Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.	4.2
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.	Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.	3.2
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest	4.6
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.	This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.	3.250
A man plays a guitar.	A man plays the piano.	1.400
A small dog is chasing a yoga ball.	A dog is chasing a ball.	4.000
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate	4.4
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.	Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.	3.4
Georgians vote for new president	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls	2.60
Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods	Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5	3.2
A man is cutting grass.	A clown is singing.	0.000
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.	0.800
Absolute majority always defined by the institution, or the context.	In countries like India, when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament, you have absolute majority.	2.60
Indian finance minister quits to run for president	Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate	0.2
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	Man and dog standing on rocks next to water	4.80
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to be able to do.	3
Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Valid reasons to feel the way you do, but not a reason to resign.	2
In the US, it will depend on the school.	This will depend on the university.	4
Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse	Two are trapped as US building collapses	1.20
On War Criminals and Heroes: The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon ŔÄ	On war criminals and heroes: The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon	5.00
A man is kicking a soccer ball.	A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball.	2.600
AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks	AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks	3.6
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.	With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.	4.400
ICC lawyer detained in Libya on security concerns	ICC lawyer held in Libya faces 45-day detention	3.4
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.	3.000
British gold rush silences gripes over cost	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack	0.6
Carney sets high bar to change at BoE	Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England	5
A golden dog is running on the grass.	The large beige dog is running through the grass.	3.40
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.	A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.	1.80
Annan warns talks of Syria risks	Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis	2
A man is peeling potato.	A man is playing a guitar.	0.400
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.	Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.	3.600
Chinese shares close lower Wednesday	Chinese shares close higher Friday	2.2
"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.	Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.	3.400
Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison	Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison	4
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.	4.200
There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus.	There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters, such as some of the Olympus Tough models.	3.20
New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S.	One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building	4.2
Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013	Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013	2.40
a man and woman walking past a record shop	A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.	0.20
Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s, and not (for instance) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s?	Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe.	1.00
Romney Wins Nevada Caucus	Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses	1
France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons	France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	4
Shooter charged with murder of US black teen	Thoughts on race relations under a black president	0.8
Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food, as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction.	Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them.	0.67
fix?: Islam itself is not political.	Islam has always been political.	1.2
A long train is on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks.	4.2
Whatever you do, don't bite him back to show him that it hurts.	We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth, therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you.	1.60
Two men wearing bike helmets.	Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.	1.6
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.	2.800
A slow lori walks around.	A animal is walking around.	2.800
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.	A man is peeling an onion.	0.750
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.	4.818
Malala, Snowden, Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize	Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize	3.60
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.	Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.	3.000
Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.	As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.	2.2
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.	5.000
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.	0.00
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	1.6
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.	A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.	0.00
A man is drilling a hole in a board.	Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood.	4.000
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.	3.400
You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.	People are responsible for their actions.	1.6
A girl is slicing a butter into two pieces.	A woman is slicing tofu.	1.000
A white and red bus traveling on the street.	The red bus is on the street.	2.2
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.	3.750
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.	3.750
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.	A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.	1.20
Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting	Discipline against student thought to be key to motive	3.4
India anti-graft party takes charge in New Delhi	India's Anti-Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi	4
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation	Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'	4.60
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais	Stars pay tribute to James Garner	0.40
Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter	Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany	2
De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Bloomberg	Bill De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Michael Bloomberg	5
There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour.	The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5% to 15%.	2.60
BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.	Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?	3.2
I'll Have Another retired to stud	I'll Have Another wins Preakness	1
A man is playing a cello.	A man is rapidly lifting small weights.	0.400
Someone is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar.	1.200
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.	The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.	3.857
Facebook earnings jump 63% as mobile ads accelerate	Facebook profits jump as user base expands	3.4
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.	A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.	3.182
